a brown bear standing in the water of a river
A wet brown bear walks through a stream.
A bear walking on a rainy day on mud
A bear walking in the rain through a puddle of water.
A polar bear walking on a rocky patch of ground.
A bear that is walking on top of rocks.
an adult white polar bear walking on wet rocks
A large polar bear is walking on a rocky ground.
Polar bear walking in dirt area with rocks and grass.
Black bear standing on wooden platform near shrubs.
A black bear is sitting on a wooden platform.
a black bear sitting on a wooden table
A large black bear sitting on a wooden surface.
a big bear stands on a platform in the middle of trees
A polar bear lies in snow, legs spread open.
A white polar bear laying on top of the snow.
A brown polar bear is laying in the winter snow.
A polar bear lounging in snow in front of water.
A large white bear laying in the snow.
Looking down at a brown bear by a tree on green grass
bear standing in a field next to a tree
a brown bear is standing at the base of the tree
A large brown bear walking across a green field.
A bear rubs itself against a tree in a field.
A BEAR CUB IS PLAYING WITH A LOG IN THE WATER
A bear that is standing in the water on a log.
a bear standing near a log in the water
A brown bear walking out of a lake on top of a log.
A brown bear cub walking in a forest area next to a rock.
A young bear is sniffing and rubbing his paw on the ground.
A bear foraging in a dry rock and dirt clearing.
A baby bear by itself with head sniffing the ground.
A brown bear is investigating something in the woods.
Two people standing in the middle of an empty street with a bear on a rope.
A bear sits down between the two men.
And old picture of two men standing in the road with a bear on a chain between them.
A black bear lies down and relaxes on some gravel
A large black bear laying on the ground.
A large black bear is laying down in the wilderness.
A black bear laying in gravel near grass.
A black bear laying down in a graveled area.
A black bear perched on a wooden beam.
A moon bear sitting up on a wooden structure with its tongue out.
a black bear sitting on some wood with its tongue out
A bear sticks out its tongue while climbing.
a black bear sitting on a pole with its tongue out
A black and white panda playing with a rusted sink.
a black bear feeding in the bush alone
A panda bear licking an object on the ground.
A panda bear licking something on the ground.
a close up of a panda bear next to a bag
A brown bear is sitting hunched over and his paws are together on a grassy area.
a grizzly bear sitting on a grassy slope
A bear that is laying down in the grass.
A large brown bear with his mouth open sitting on the grass.
A brown bear sitting on top of a green field.
A black bear standing on top of a log next to another bear.
A small black bear sitting on a log.
Small bear cubs navigate large wood logs for fun.
A baby black bear sitting on a log.
A bear looks at another one playing on a log
A large brown bear standing next to another bear.
A large bear standing on all fours with another bear on one side of it and a body of water in the background.
A grizzly bear in the walking in the woods.
A large bear accompanied by another bear, near a river
A white bear walking through a grassy field near a lake.
A large black bear walking across a lush green field.
A bear walking around in a park, near a tree.
The adult black bear is walking near a tree stump.
A large black bear is walking in the woods next to a tree stump.
A black bear sniffing the ground in the woods.
A wet polar bear walking along side some water.
A polar bear walks beside a blue pool surrounded by stones.
A polar bear walking around in a pond of water.
a close up of a polar bear walking in a body of water
A polar bear stands in the water of an enclosure.
A bear searching for food near the river.
A brown bear leaning against a rock near a stream.
A bear is holding on to a rock by some water.
A big brown bear leaning on the rocks at the shore of a river.
The brown bear is standing on a rock in a stream.
A large brown bear swimming in a river.
A big brown bear enjoys the water in his habitat.
A brown bear swimming in water next to tree trunk.
A big brown bear taking a dip in a pond.
a bear partially submerged in a body of water
A brown bear sitting on top of cement.
A big brown bear sitting on the ground
A bear is sitting on a rock in the sun.
A bear sits relaxing on a large stone surface.
a bear sitting on the cement ground next to some rocks
BEAR PLAYS WITH METAL TUBE ON CHAIN INSIDE HIS INCLOSURE
A bear that is sitting on a metal pipe.
A black baby bear in top of a large metal tube.
A black bear sitting on top of a metal cylinder.
a bear standing on top a piece of pipe with a chain attached
Bear walking on grassy area in outdoor environment.
A large bear crosses the grass in a public area.
Even a brown bear can have a tiring day.
Brown bear in grassy field near sand box.
a bear stalks the grass in a field.
A bear that is standing in a tree.
a small black bear up in a big tree
A BLACK BEAR IS SITTING AMONG THE TREES
this is a bear climbing on a tree
A large brown bear walking across a field.
a bear walking on grass next to trees
the brown bear walks infront of the viewing glass at a zoo.
A gray bear in the park with grass and trees at the back
A brown bear seen through the glass of its enclosure.
A black bear on the edge of a pine forest
a black bear some tall green grass and some trees
A black bear walking across a tree filled forest.
A black bear in the woods, looking at the camera.
A large black bear standing tall in the forest.
A large polar bear swimming underwater in a cage at a zoo.
A underwater viewing room at a zoo shows a polar bear diving.
A polar bear dives underwater at the zoo.
an image of a polar bear swimming under water
The large polar bear is swimming in the pool.
A black bear wreaking havoc in the backyard of someones house.
A black bear cub standing in a fenced yard at night.
A black bear stands in the grass of a yard next to a trash can.
A bear is wandering a backyard at night.
A large black bear walking across a grass covered field.
a bear is walking away from a car
A black bear is on the road near a wooded area.
Large black bear crossing the street in front of a car.
a bear on a road near a field of green grass
A large bear standing behind a tree in a forest.
a furry bear is peering from behind a tree
a brown bear sitting in an area of trees
A bear looks on from behind the trunk of a birch tree.
A bear is in the woods looking from behind a tree.
A large bear laying up against a stone wall.
A bear is sitting like a human against rocks.
A black bear sitting against a stone wall.
A bear sitting back on the cement and rocks.
A large brown bear sitting next to a rock wall.
A pair of grizzly bears resting on a set of rocks.
A black bear in the wild surrounded by vegetation
A black bear walking through a lush green field.
A black bear standing underneath a wooden structure.
A large bear hanging from a large tree branch.
A bear sleeping in a tree, with the branches hiding its face.
A black bear is perched discreetly in a tree
A black bear is resting in the branches of a tree.
A bear walking inside of an enclosure near a river pouring over stones.
A bear that is standing in the dirt.
a bear that is standing up on some grass
A bear looks around in a rocky enclosure.
A big furry bear by some rocks and a tall fence.
A brown bear is ankle deep in some water.
Grizzly bear looking menacingly in river at camera
this grizzly bear is standing in some shallow water
Brown bear in water looking at the camera.
a close up ofa bear in a body of water
A large polar bear swimming close to the top of the water.
A bear that has its head above the water that it is in.
A polar bear takes a swim in icy waters.
A partially submerged polar bear swims in front of ice.
a white polar bear is swimming in some water
A bear in a clearing, with another bear in the background.
A large brown bear walking in a heavily forested area.
a large bear is walking in the woods`
A polar bear sitting down looking into the distance.
A polar bear is sitting on the edge on a rock.
Polar bear sitting on a rocky surface, looking at something.
A large white polar bear sitting inside an enclosure.
A polar bear that is sitting on top of some rocks.
A bear that is hanging in a tree.
A young bear holding onto a pine tree.
A bear cub in the branches of a pine tree.
A black bear cub climbing a pine tree.
The bear cub climbed high up into the tree.
A black bear standing inside of an enclosure at a zoo.
A bear standing in an exhibit while people look down.
A bear stands alone in a cement enclosure while people look down upon it.
A bear stands up in a pit being overlooked by people.
A bear is standing upright as people gather to watch him.
A large bear standing in front of a bunch of leaf filled trees.
A big brown bear turns its face toward the sky.
A large bear sniffs the air in the woods.
Bear facing up to the sky with eyes closed
The bear is looking upwards with his eyes closed.
close up of a bear surrounded by different types of bushes
A bear walks in the bushes and plants in the wild.
A bear is walking through some plants and brush.
A Black bear semi concealed by smaller plants and bushes
A black bear stares out while in the woods.
a bear with a person standing near it
A large brown bear laying on top of a green grass field.
A large black bear on a leash eats something
aq black and brown bear some legs and grass
A man holding a bear cub on a leash
A polar bear playing with a ball in a small pond area.
A bear is playing with a ball in the zoo
A bear playing with a ball in a pool of water.
Large bear on the side of a stream in a rocky area.
A large white bear walking across a river.
A large bear near several rocks, as it enters the water
a bear heading out in the water slowly
A very big furry bear walking in the water.
A black bear sitting on a lawn chair.
a black bear is sitting in a blue chair
The bear cub is sitting in a green chair.
A large bear sits in a green lawn chair
There is a bear sitting in a lawn chair
Two bear cubs exploring in low brush, investigating something in the ground.
Two brown bear cubs in grassy area next to bushes.
A polar bear laying on some gray rocks.
a polar bear laying on a huge rock
A polar bear rests on top of a rock.
A white bear resting on a rock in front of a rocky cliff.
A polar bear laying down on some big rocks.
There is glass between the black bear and child.
A little boy is standing by a bear behind a window.
A black bear and child separated by a window.
A young boy standing next to a bear in a zoo
a toddler standing by a glass window with a black bear walking on the other side
A bear has caught a fish in his mouth.
Bear with a fish in its mouth wading in water.
The brown bear is standing in the water with a fish in it's mouth.
A bear is on the water with a fish in its mouth.
A bear standing on top of a body of water.
A brown bear walking in his habitat at zoo
a brown bear in a man made environment
a brown bear walking around his habitat at the zoo
A brown bear cub in tone pond next to bushes.
A bear walking around a well of water.
a big bear sticks his tongue out of his mouth
a large black bear has its tongue hanging out
A big bear with its tongue hanging out.
A big bear sticking with its mouth wide open sticking his tongue out
a close up of a bear sticking its tongue out
A black bear in a field of wild flowers
A black bear walking across a grass and purple flower covered field.
A black bear eating grass in a secluded mountain field.
The bear is in a field of grass and flowers.
A black bear eating in a large grassy field with flowers.
a bear walking besides a pool and a tree
A bear walks around a man made pool
A bear walks in a zoo enclosure with toys nearby.
A bear walking around in a zoo exhibit.
A large bear walking around a zoo enclosure.
A close-up of a big black bear standing in the grass.
A large black bear stands amid grass in front of a bush.
A large black bear standing in some leaves near trees.
A large black bear walking through a forest.
A black bear standing on a patch of dirt.
A bear walking away towards the tall fence.
A bear is approaching a fence, possibly looking for an escape.
A bear walking around inside of a fenced in enclosure.
a bear is seen on a fenced up field
A bear roaming around on all fours in an enclosure.
The black bear is sitting in the tall grass.
a black bear sitting in some plants and grass
a big black bear that is walking around in some weed
there is a black bear that is in the tall grass
A bear in a group of berry bushes eating.
A black bear with its mouth open standing in its enclosure.
A black bear is walking on the rocks.
a black bear in a cave growling at something
A large black bear standing next to a stone wall at a zoo.
A black bear is walking around some stone
A brown bear walking on a grassy field next to trees.
a bear in a field of grass with bushes in the background
A brown bear walks through grass in the wild.
A brown bear is walking through the field.
A small brown bear walking along the grass
A large brown bear laying on top of grass.
A brown bear laying on the grass while sleeping.
A grizzly bear sleeping in the grass next to a rock.
The large brown bear is asleep on the grass.
a huge grizzly bear taking a nap on the grass
A large white polar bear eating a carrot on top or rocks.
A polar bear holds a piece of food while sitting on a rock.
White polar bear on a rock holding a carrot.
A polar bear sitting on some rocks holding a carrot.
A polar bear sitting on a rock and eating a carrot.
Black bear standing in small rock lined pool outdoors.
The adult black bear is inside of a pool of water.
a black and brown bear in some water grass and trees
A black bear that is in some water.
A black bear is crouched down in the water.
Two brown grizzly bears playing in the water.
A brown bear runs in the grass beside a body of water.
A wet bear coming out from the water.
A wet grizzly bear running up a grassy riverbank.
A wet bear running up a grassy slope.
A brown bear on two legs is near the water.
A bear is walking along a bunch of rocks.
A brown bear walking through an enclosure.
A black bear walking next to a moss covered rock.
A black bear walking on all fours near rocks.
a bear that is walking around by a big rock
a woman in a black top and a panda grass and trees
A person standing in front of a black and white panda bear.
A girl in a beanie standing in front of a sleeping panda in the background.
A cat sitting on top of a electronic device watching a bear on a TV screen.
A cat laying in front of a television watching a bear on the screen.
A cat lies in front of a tv watching a bear on screen.
A cat looking at a television screen with a picture of a bear on it.
A bear walking in its enclosure, with a ladder behind it.
The bear is searching for food in his den.
A large bear is walking across a grassy area.
a big bear walks across a grass area
A bear walks through grass with a ladder in the background.
A bear is taking a walk through the forest.
A grizzly bear walking in the woods looking off in the distance.
a close up of a bear near bushes on a field
a big brown bear walking in the grassy woods
A bear in an enclosure with dead wood, grass and large rocks.
A bear stands on all fours near rocks and fallen trees.
A bear is surrounded by tree branches, and a fence.
There is a black bear eating grass in the wild
A black bear surrounded by logs, rocks, and grass.
a bear on a branch in front of a cave
A bear sits on the branch of a tree.
A bear that is sitting on a tree branch.
A white bear that is over a bowl.
A bear with its fur in a bowl looking around.
a bear with some milk on its nose
A polar bear sticking its head over a water dish.
A brown bear walking across a field with lots of green grass.
A large bear walking across an area covered in grass and brush.
A black bear staring down something in a field.
This is a black bear walking towards the camera.
A bear walking in a grassy open field.
A large white dead polar bear on display in a museum.
A stuffed polar bear posed in mid stride.
A polar bear exhibit in a glass case
The large stuffed polar bear is on display behind glass.
an image of a stuffed polar bear in a glass case
A brown bear standing in a forest next to fallen trees.
A bear sitting in the grass with logs.
A large brown bear sitting on a trail, leaning on a grey rock.
A bear that is sitting in the grass.
A large bear rests its arm on a rock.
A white polar bear playing inside the water.
A polar bear under water playing with a white ball.
A polar bear is playing with a white ball.
A polar bear plays with a ball underwater.
A polar bear wrestles with a ball underwater.
A black bear climbing out of a pond
A bear in a field next to a pond
A bear is shown coming out of water onto grass.
A black bear in the grass next to the water.
A black bear walking around a swamp next to a lake.
A large brown bear on a rock slab.
A large bear rolling around on top of a rock.
A bear reclining on a rock in an enclosure.
A brown bear sleeping on a rock in the sun.
Large sleeping brown bear on a rock ledge at the zoo.
A large black bear about to take a swim in a pool
Black bear stands up on a rock in a zoo enclosure.
A black bear is standing next to rocks by the water
The large black bear walks along some boulders.
A black bear standing in an exhibit with a water pond.
a large black bear is walking down the street
Black bear crossing pathway near grassy area near trees.
A black bear walking across a street near a field.
A black bear running across a road to a field.
A big black bear running across the street to get to the other side.
A bear is in the branches of a tree.
Bear sleeping on tree branch with leaves and sky
a black bear in a tree out on a limb.
a bear resting in a tree between two limbs
A large black bear sitting on top of a tree.
There is a black bear eating grass in the woods
a brown bear walking up a hill through the woods
A bear foraging in the woods for food
A brown bear with its nose to the ground walks in a wooded area.
A white polar bear walking along a snow covered hill.
a polar bear walking in mud with a snowy background
A polar bear with dirty feet walking in the mud
A polar bear is walking and there is snow present.
A polar bear walking on some dirt with a spotty covering of snow.
a bear in a field next to a fallen large tree
A small brown bear next to a fallen log.
A full picture of brown bear searching for some food.
A brown bear in grass next to a fallen tree.
A small, brown bear next to a large log in a field
An adult polar bear is swimming in the icy water
A polar bear emerging from water head first.
A polar bear bursts out of the water at night.
A polar bear looking up while swimming in water.
A polar bear is sticking his head out of the water.
A black bear holding branches in hand next to a tree.
A black bear is in a tree and chewing on a branch.
A bear in a tree holding and chewing a branch.
A small bear is chewing on branches in the tree.
A large bear in a tree biting into a branch.
A black bear is sitting on some rocks
a brown and black bear and a green branch
a brown bear holding a piece of tree
A bear is speeding with a tree branch.
A black bear in a zoo lying down on some rocks eating a bush.
A captive white polar bear walks in the rain at the zoo.
A polar bear in an enclosure when it's raining.
A polar bear in a zoo pen looking at the water.
A white polar bear standing next to a stone wall and a pond.
A polar bear standing on vast land with few trees.
A bear standing at the border between the shade and the sunshine.
a bear walking through the forest possible looking for berries
Tagged brown bear walking near vegetation on pathway.
A brown bear cub walking on ground next to a tree.
A bear stands next to a bush, observing the surroundings.
Two black bear cubs walking in some grass
Two black bear cubs in green grass intrigued
a black bear swimming with head above water
the bear is swimming in the ocean water.
a black bear calmly swimming in the water.
A dark-furred bear swims in clean water next to rocks.
a bear in a body of water is swimming
Brown bear walking on a path in the woods.
The brown bear is standing on a trail in the woods.
A brown bear walking through a forest near bushes.
A bear walking on all fours in the woods.
A small brown colored bear on a path in a wooded area with trees and grass.
A large white polar bear swimming under blue water.
a bear is swimming underwater through the glass
Two baby brow bears are close behind a larger bear in a wooded forest.
A bear and two cubs are walking through a field.
An adult bear and two bear cubs wander through a field.
Polar bear standing in front of a rock formation.
A white polar bear standing on a concrete surface.
A polar bear walking around its concrete landscape at the zoo
A polar bear is standing at the zoo
A young polar bear walks around his zoo exhibit
There is a brown bear laying on top of a log
Brown bear laying down on a log of wood in the forrest.
A bear is laying down on a tree root.
a brown and black bear is sleeping on a log
A brown bear is laying on top of a downed tree.
A black bear laying in the dirt with his ears sticking up.
a little black bear sitting down next to some tall grass
A baby black bear looks at something from the grass.
A baby bear sitting in a grassy area
A young bear alone looking pensively to the side.
A black bear crossing a fallen log over water.
A black bear is walking across a log
A black bear in an enclosure on a log over water.
A bear walks on a log over a creek.
A large black bear crossing a river on a log bridge.
A brown bear laying on top of rocks.
A bear is laying down with its paws over the rocks.
A grizzly bear leaning on it's front paws on a ledge.
A bear relaxes on the rocks, staring into the foreground.
A BIG BROWN BEAR IS LAYING ON A ROCK
A panda bear with its hand to its mouth.
a panda bear sitting up  smiling and covered in snow
A very big cute panda in the snow.
A black and white panda eating food in the snow.
THERE IS A POLAR BEAR THAT IS LOOKING AT SOMETHING
A polar bear is playing with a large chunk of ice.
A big polar bear playing with a big chunk of ice.
a polar bear stand on a piece of ice floating in some water
A polar bear presses down on a plastic bin in a river.
the polar bear is holding on to a white case
a large bear is sitting behind a fence
Bear behind fence of enclosure as official inspects him.
A park ranger tending a brown bear in a zoo.
A lady standing by a fence with a bear inside the fence.
A woman standing near a fence that has a bear behind it.
One large brown bear standing next to one large black bear behind a chain link fence.
there is a black bear seen from inside of a car
A bear through the window of a vehicle on a road.
A black bear by a road seen through a car window.
A black bear looking at the back of a vehicle on a road.
This black bear is walking near a highway.
A bear walking through a field next to a forest.
A bear walks through the grass near a tree line.
a brown bear is walking through the grass
a black bear walking in the middle of a grass and straw field.
A bear is shown in a grassy area in front of trees.
A black and brown bear walking along snow covered ground.
THERE IS A BLACK BEAR THAT S WALKING IN TEH DEN
A small black bear with a light colored ring around it's right eye.
A strangely colored bear is walking a small path between patches of snow.
A bear that is standing in the dirt near the snow.
Panda bears sitting on limbs in a tree.
Two large Panda Bears resting in a tree.
A black bear is climbing a log and want to have fun.
A large black bear sitting next to a tree.
A bear leans its face into a small tree branch.
a bear sniffing a log on a rope attached to a tree
A black bear is on some rocks next to a tree.
A bear foraging in the grass on a hill
A bear walking on grass near mountains.
A big bear walking through an open field underneath mountains.
A wild bear searches the ground at the foot of a mountain.
a grizzly bear walking in the grass in front of mountains.
A room filled with an old fashioned stove and  a bear skin rug mounted on it's wall.
A bear skin hanging on the wall of an old-fashioned living room.
A brown bear eating branches in a tall grass field.
Brown bear sitting on the ground eating a stick.
A bear chewing on a tree branch in a field.
A black bear reaching towards some vegetation by some rocks and a log.
A black bear cub in grassy area next to rocks.
A captive black bear lumbers around in the grass.
A black bear resting it's head on a rock
A black bear walking  near some rocks.
A bear walks alongside a road near a tree.
a brown bear walking on the side of the road
A brown bear looking over it's shoulder while walking past a tree in a forest.
A brown bear is standing by a road and a tree.
A baby bear walks along the road near the edge of the forest.
A large white polar bear walking next to a snow covered hillside.
A polar bear walks through the mud near snow.
A white polar bear bearing its teeth at something
A polar bear walking along a snowy, rocky ridge.
white polar bear walking on the the white snowy ground
A black bear perched on the top of a fence.
A small black bear perched on top of a post.
A young black bear is perched on top of a post.
A black bear is balanced on a fence pole.
a bear that is on top of a post
A man and a woman posing behind a bear cub sitting in a chair.
An older couple kneeling down to hug a black bear sitting in a plastic chair.
The middle aged couple pose by the bear cub seated on a lawn chair.
Two people pose with a bear cub who is perched up on a chair.
a brown bear is standing in the grass
A SMALL CUB BEAR WALKING TOWARDS CHEESE PUFFS ON THE GROUND
A bear that is standing in the grass.
A young bear looks up as it approaches a gift of fresh carrots
Some carrots are on the ground in front of a bear cub.
A polar bear in a zoo nibbling on a branch
A polar bear is laying on rocks while chewing on a leafy twig.
a polar bear eating a branch laying on some rocks
A polar bear reclines over rocks while chewing on a twig.
Two black bear cubs walking around in an exhibit.
a black bear holding onto a tree as he reaches for a coconut with his mouth
there is a black bear that is eating fruit from a tree
A bear that is trying to eat some fruit off a tree.
A black bear climbs pole to get a fruit.
A small bear climbing a tree attempts to eat a coconut.
A bear resting on top of some rocks at a zoo
A large bear standing up against a window.
a big bear is shown staring through a window
A small bear standing on its hind feet, with his paws up against a window.
A tagged bear on its hind legs looking in a window
A black bear leaning up against the side of a train car.
The bear likes to swim in the water.
A brown bear swimming in water near rocks.
A large brown bear in the water by some rocks.
A large bear is in the water with it's tongue out.
A large brown bear swimming in some water.
A bear holds food in his mouth and walks.
a polar bear with a bone in its mouth walking on rock formations
A large white polar bear holding something in it's mouth.
A polar bear in its enclosure with a toy in its mouth.
polar bear holding a bone in it's mouth
A polar bear diving to the bottom of his tank.
A polar bear in the zoo dives underwater.
A polar bear dives down into the water in a zoo enclosure.
a polar bear diving in the  blue water
A polar bear licking its paw while grooming.
a white polar bear drinking water from a water source next to some rocks.
A polar bear laying on a rock drinking water.
A polar bear licking its paw in a rocky area with water.
a close up of a polar bear drinking water
A bear wanders through brown and green brush.
A fluffy bear standing in a grassy field.
A bear grazing in the middle of a field.
a bear  wandering across the wilderness of grassland
a brown bear standing and leaning on a tree
A bear in the woods climbing a tree.
A bear in the woods climbing a tree
A brown bear laying next to a large stick on a sunny day.
Bear laying down on branches near a fence.
A bear laying in the grass behind a chain link fence.
Large sized brown bear laying behind some wood logs.
A brown bear lays down on the ground outside.
A large white polar bear walking next to a rock.
A polar bear walking around a boulder at  zoo.
An adult polar bear walking past a large rock.
A white bear walking around a large rock.
A polar bear carefully stalks around a rock.
A brown bear crossing a river with lots of rocks.
A bear catches a fish for dinner in a running stream.
A large bear in a river with some rocks.
a big brown bear fishing in a stream on rocks.
A bear eating something while standing in a stream.
A large bear near some rocks in a field.
A picture of a polar bear from behind rocks.
a white polar bear some black rocks and trees
A large brown bear standing next to a couple of black rocks.
Bear standing in grassy field near rocks on cloudy day.
a bear swimming in a  tank of ice water.
A polar bear swims in the water on a snowy day.
One polar bear in the water during winter.
Two large grizzly bears near a rocky mountain wall.
A white bear on a rock eating a carrot.
A large white polar bear eating a carrot.
Polar bear eating carrot on rock in zoo setting.
a polar bear eating a carrot in a exhiibit
A polar bear enjoys a carrot in the zoo.
A brown bear is grazing in the grass.
A brown bear walking across a field while eating grass.
A brown bear is grazing in a field.
there is a brow bear that is eating from the grass
A brown bear is foraging in a field of dried grass.
A black bear walking on a park sidewalk.
Black bear walking through yard of human development during daytime.
A black bear walks in front of a building.
Large black bear walking alongside a dirt road alone.
A large white polar bear sitting next to the entrance to  cave.
A white polar bear with brown spots on its face
A large white bear looking sadly at a camera
A polar bear is cocking its head to the side
Two brown bear sitting close to each other next two rocks.
A young bear and a mother bear foraging for food.
An adult bear walks next to a young, smaller bear.
An adult bear standing beside a baby bear i the field.
A big bear and smaller bear walking through a grassy area.
A large brown bear sitting in his habitat.
The bear who lives in the zoo is sitting against a rock ledge
A brown bear sits on its bottom with its back again a big rock at the zoo.
a bear siting next to a huge rock
Large brown bear sitting next to rocks in open area.
A black bear crossing a forest lined street.
Black bear crossing rod while cars are traveling down it
a big black bear that is walking into the road
A bear that is standing in the street.
Black bear crossing roadway in near landfill sign.
A polar bear as seen from underwater camera.
Seen from below, a polar bear standing in a glass bottom pool
A polar bear in water on a piece of see through glass.
A polar bear is swimming in the water.
A polar bear can be seen in the water
A bear is cooling off in a pool of murky water.
a black bear is sitting in the water
a bear sitting in some water with a tree standing near by
A black bear can be seen swimming in the water.
An adult polar bear standing with a young polar bear.
A polar bear and her cub in a cement enclosure.
Large forbearance small polar bear standing on white concrete block.
A polar bear eats a carrot on a snowy field.
Polar bear bear holding a carrot in its mouth.
A polar bear eats a carrot on top of a rock.
A polar bear with a carrot hanging from its mouth
The large polar bear holds a carrot in his mouth.
A black bear walking through a tree filled forest.
A large black bear walking through the woods.
A bear is wandering through a wooded area.
A black bear eating red berries off of a bush.
A long bear roams around a brushy area.
A white bear walking in dry vegetation and bushes with no leaves.
A grizzly bear peers out from a thicket of underbrush.
Big brown bear out in the distance amongst the bushes
a white bear is standing off in a field
A Polar Bear cub laying on top of it's parent.
A baby polar bear sleeping on an adult bear.
A polar bear cub sleeping note the stomach of an adult polar bear.
A large white bear with a baby bear in the snow.
A brown bear walks up a brush covered hill.
A bear and a cub in a field.
A large bear and a cub foraging on grass.
A big and small black bear are grazing in the grass.
A large brown bear standing on a rock.
A brown bear standing on a rock above grass and leaves.
A large brown bear growls on top of a boulder.
A brown bear is on a rock with its mouth open.
A brown bear walking through a lush green forest.
A brown bear sitting up on the grass next to a rock.
A brown bear sitting down next to a stone walk way.
A bear sitting on the ground in the woods.
A large brown bear sitting in the grass.
The bear is looking for some salmon to eat.
The bear noticed that it is being watched.
A black bear is resting in the grass.
A big black bear lays down in a lush green open field
Large brown bear laying in a sunny field.
A black bear is lying in a field looking at the camera
A white polar bear walking across a stone wall.
The bear is climbing around the side of the rock.
A polar bear with muddy feet walking in the dirt.
A dirty polar bear walking in the wild.
The big bear is walking along outside on the rocks.
A close up picture of a brown dog or bear is with a cat.
Adult black bear with cubs on rocky area.
An adult bear is accompanied by two young cubs.
Black bear and two cubs together roaming on rocks.
A large bear standing on a small cliff and two smaller bears climbing down the cliff.
A large black bear and two cubs are on the rocks.
A polar bear with another laying on its back.
A polar bear nuzzles close to a cub.
A polar bear that is resting its head on another polar bear.
A mother polar bear is nuzzling a baby polar bear
a bear in the middle of a road
One black bear eating some road kill from the middle of the street.
a bear smelling something in the middle of a street
a bear that is standing in the middle of the road
Bear sniffing something in the middle of the road.
A polar bear is swimming in the water.
A large white polar bear swimming in an enclosure.
Polar bear swimming through river looking at camera.
A bear that is sitting under the water.
Polar bear enjoying a swim in rocky water pond.
A collage of an outhouse in the woods with the door open and a person in a chicken costume using the bathroom, with a polar bear on the outside of the door and two military personnel with guns approaching the outhouse.
A modified picture places a polar bear next to an outhouse with soldiers.
Two soldiers and a bear are standing near a portal potty with a man dressed as a chicken inside.
Two men in solider uniforms run to an outhouse where a chicken sits on a toilet and a polar bear approaches from the other side of the outhouse.
The bear is taking a break on the rock formation.
a large brown bear is sitting up in a zoo
A large brown bear sitting in a enclosure.
a bear in black is laying outside in the sun
Grizzly bear sits upright and holds onto one foot.
A large black bear walking in the grass.
A bear that is walking back towards the trees.
A large black bear walking through a  forest.
A large black bear standing up to reach something
A very big furry black bear standing near a tree.
a big bear stands looking up a tree
The bear is getting ready to climb the tree.
A bear sanding on its back legs leaning against a tree reaching up.
A bear wading through water in a river.
A brown bear standing in the middle of a river.
a brown bear is walking through some water
A brown bear is wading in choppy gray water.
A bear with a fish in a body of water.
The big bear is standing in the tall grassy field.
Black bear outside in a field of various plants.
a big black bear hiding in the brush
Large dark bear standing on four legs in tall grass.
An alert bear looking up over tall meadow plants.
A big brown bear is swimming in the water.
A brown bear in a pool of water
A grizzly bear swims in the pool of his zoo exhibit
A black bear in the water next to a rock
A black bear plays in water in its habitat.
A black bear in a grassy and flowery field.
A bear walking in a field near trees.
an image of a bear that is walking up a hill
A bear walks through a field with grass and flowers.
A small white bear laying on the ground.
a white bear is sleeping on the ground
A large black bear walking through a lush green forest.
A lone bear is walking in the wooded area.
A very large black bear foraging in the woods
A black bear walking through a field in a wooded area.
A black bear walking through a meadow in front of a forest.
Two grizzly bears interacting in shallow water near shore.
a black bear peaking out from the woods and branches
A bear being covered by some trees and bushes.
A bear hides in the woods so that no one will notice him.
a black and brown bear some bushes plants and a branch
A black bear stands in the foliage beside a tree branch.
A bear is standing in a field of grass.
A massive black bear walking in a gassy field.
A large black bear standing in grass near a wooded area.
A large black bear walking in the grass
A single bear stands still in a grassy green field.
A bear is next to a body of water outside.
A bear resting on a log in a shallow water area.
A bear reaching out over a rock toward a stream of water.
A large white bear holding a carrot in it's mouth.
A polar bear with a carrot in its mouth inside of its habitat
A polar bear carries its food across the oo
A polar bear is eating a carrot in the zoo.
A white polar bear stands with a carrot in it's mouth.
A large brown bear laying on top of a giant rock.
A brown bear lounging on a gray rock
a brown bear is laying on a rock and some trees
A bear lying on a rock in its den, looking upward.
A bear lying down on a rock formation.
A black bear walking next to a green truck.
A long haired black bear approaching a green truck.
A small black bear walking in the grass next to a vehicle.
A small black bear standing on a grass covered field next to a  truck.
A large black bear moving toward a vehicle.
A large brown bear walking across a lush forest.
A bear runs through the verdant woods.
a big bear runs through a wooded area
A large brown bear running through the woods.
A brown bear is racing down a hill.
A brown bear is creeping over the wooded terrain.
A bear is in the woods on a tire.
A brown bear crawling down a path through a forest.
A brown bear on a log in a wooded area
A wild bear walking over some logs in the forest.
Two bear cubs look out from the top of a tree.
two black bear cubs standing in some tree branches
A black bear walking across a grass covered forest.
A BIG BLACK BEAR WALKING IN THE GRASS OF A FOREST
A black bear walking in grass with trees in the background.
Side view of black bear in grass and trees.
A black bear walking through a grassy field
One brown bear grooming another near a large tree.
A brown bear standing next to a tree in a forest.
A very big and furry bear by a tree.
A bear in a zoo playing with another bear
A bear grazes in a meadow in front of a mountain forest.
A large brown bear wading through a  pool of water.
a close up of a black bear standing in the water
A PICTURE OF A BEAR DRINKING WATER FROM A LAKE
A big bear in a lake on a sunny day.
A large bear taking a swim in a river.
a big brown bear walking through some grass
A bear wandering through some tall grass by a paved trail.
a close up of a bear walking in a field
A big brown bear walking through a field of grass.
A bear walking in the grass near a trail.
Black and white photo of officer offering an item to bear sitting down
A bear is sitting on its rear end in a posed photo.
A small black bear cub walking through the woods
A small baby black bear in the summer
A bear cub walking in a field of grass.
A black bear standing on the ground with grass.
A baby bear standing among some tall grass.
A large black bear standing next to a tree in a forest.
an image of a black bear that is walking in the woods
A black bear walking through a grassy wooded area.
A bear walking past a tree in a wooded area.
a close up of a bear in a field near a tree
A black bear balances on a wooden fence
a black bear walking on a wooden fence during the day
A black bear walking along the top of a fence line.
A black bear that is on the side of a fence.
A black bear standing on top of a wooden fence.
A large brown bear walking through a forest.
A momma bear and a cub are venturing through a wooded clearing alongside are farm fence.
Grizzly bears forage for insects among the trees.
A large brown bear laying on top of a stone ground.
A polar bear chewing on its wrist while laying on a rock.
A bear with white and dark fury lying on rocks next to some water.
A polar bear laying down on rocks by some water.
A large bear laying on a rock near some water.
A black bear sits at the base of his tree house at the zoo
A bear sits in front of a tire that hangs from chains.
A bear leaning next to a tire in his outdoor cage with a playground.
A small black bear that is sitting next to a tire swing.
A bear sitting beneath a wooden treehouse and a tire swing.
A large black bear laying down while he eats
A black bear sitting on a rock surface.
A large black bear standing in a enclosure at a zoo.
A bear rests in his enclosure at the zoo.
A bear rests next to a tree on a rock.
there is a very large brown bear sighting on a bench
A bear with a mouse harness on sitting on a bench.
A large brown bear sitting on top of a bench.
A bear sits on a park bench near a tree.
A bear sitting on a bench in a park
Several bear figurines on display in front of a clock.
a polar bear looks for a photo near a rocky surface
A polar bear looks around from his exhibit at the zoo
A white polar bear standing next to a  large rock.
a big white polar bear walking among the rocks
The polar bear is very large and white.
A brown bear and her cubs walking across a shallow river.
A bear and his cubs by a river.
mama bear and her two cubs walking in lake.
A mother bear and her two young are crossing a shallow river.
A bear and two cubs wading through a river.
A beautiful but dangerous Brown Bear prepares to cross the water.
There is an adult bear near the pond
The bear is stepping in to the flowing water.
A large brown bear walking across a river.
A bear sitting on a rock holding its foot.
A bear sitting in the dirt near a large log.
A large brown bear basking in the sun near water.
A light brown bear sitting down near large logs.
A brown bear is sitting on the ground.
A bear is sitting in the grass with a cub.
A black bear sits on the ground in front of a forested area.
A bear and her cub are sitting in front of a forested area.
THERE IS A BEAR THAT IS STIING ON THE GROUND
A brown bear sitting on top of a grass covered field.
A bear and a cub sniffing the end of a log.
a large log that has a bear on top of it
An adult bear and a cub bear nibbling on a piece of wood.
The polar bear holds onto a metal cage while swimming.
A polar bear standing beside a cage.
a polar bear biting at a yellow cone and chain
A polar bear plays in its habitat next to a yellow traffic cone.
A polar bear in water puts his paw on a cage.
A small brown bear digging in the dirt.
A brown bear is engrossed with something on the ground.
A brown bear digging in the dirt during the day
A brown bear walking across a grass covered hillside.
a big bear sniffs and searches through some dirt
A brown bear is standing at the edge of a river.
a bear standing and yawning on the sand
a grizzly bear stands in a shallow riverbank
A brown bear standing on top of a sandy beach.
A large bear standing in the sand with it's mouth open.
Two bear cubs wrestling in the grass by rocks
A couple of bear cubs rolling around a field.
One polar bear standing on its hind legs in front of a second polar bear
A bear pokes about in the water while seagulls look on.
a bear looking for food in a stream
black bear looks through water for food and fish
A bear looking for food in a stream.
One brown bear laying down on a rock and another bear walking
A white polar bear eating food near a wall
A white polar bear eating a pile of meat and vegetables.
A Polar bear is getting ready to eat.
a big polar bear sniffs some food
a white polar bear in its pen and some food
There is a polar bear standing next to a large boulder.
A dirty polar bear standing on the rocks
A polar bear that is standing on a rock.
A polar bear standing next to large rocks.
A polar bear is standing next to two rocks.
A black bear is sitting near fallen logs.
A large bear standing next to a tree in a forest.
A bear with a scuffed up nose looks just over an old tree log.
A brown bear in grassy area next to trees.
A bear that is standing in a field.
A black bear stands in the tall grass gazing into the distance.
The black bear is standing in tall green grass.
A black bear walking across a lush green field.
a black bear is standing in some tall grass
A brown bear sitting in a pile of hay.
There is a bear sitting up against a tree.
A brown bear sits upright under a tree.
A brown bear sitting on the ground near a tree.
A bear sitting at a tree and surrounded by hay.
The bear is walking along the fence inside the zoo enclosure.
A brown bear walking in water near a fence.
A brown bear walking by a metal fence.
A brown bear walking alongside a fence in the rain.
a close up of a bear walking on a path near a fence
A white polar bear standing on the edge of a lake.
A polar bear standing on a rock at the edge of the water.
A polar bear stands at the rocks of his pool and looks to the right.
A very big polar bear standing near the water.
A polar bear standing on rock next to water.
A man laying on his stomach on top of a bear statue.
A man acting laying down next to a bear statue pretending to scream.
A man lying in the sand on top of a bear statue.
A man pretending to be attacked by a bear statue
Boy posing with a decorative tribal bear statue.
A bear in the woods standing on a log.
A bear moving though the woods between many trees.
A bear wandering in a tree filled forest.
A bear climbing on a log in the woods.
A bear climbing over a fallen log in the forest.
An adult bear and two bear cubs crossing a river.
A bear and two bear cubs are crossing a stream.
an image of a mother bear and her two cubs wading across the water
This photo shows an adult bear and a bear cub.
A bear and its cub playing in the forest.
A ADULT BEAR AND A BABY BEAR STANDING ON TREES
A mother bear looking at a cub in a flowery field.
A large bear laying on a rock next to another brown bear.
Two grizzly bears sit resting on the rocks.
A polar bear balancing on a barrel in the snow.
A polar bear balancing on a blue barrel.
A polar bear standing on top of a blue barrel.
A polar bear balances on a blue ball.
A polar bear balances on top of a blue barrel.
A grizzly bear walks in the tall grass
A black bear walks through the tall grass.
Picture of a bear in the grass in the day.
A large black bear standing on a field with tall dry grass.
A black bear is walking through tall grass.
A white polar bear swimming in a pool by waterfall
A polar bear is floating on its back in pool with a waterfall.
Polar bear relaxing with waterfall and marbled rocks in background
A bear taking a swim by a waterfall.
A captive polar bear is doing the back stroke in the water.
A brown bear walking in an open area.
A bear is walking along amongst large rocks.
A large brown bear walking in his exhibit.
A bear is walking in a zoo habitat.
One large brown bear outside at the zoo.
A brown bear walks through a boulder environment.
A big furry brown bear walking near big rocks.
A bear walks among grass and rocky terrain.
The brown bear is walking amongst many boulders.
Brown bear near a lot of grey rocks looking at something.
There is a bear crawling out of a leaf cover
A bear is peeking through the trees by the water.
The bear is coming out of the bushes to the water.
A bear peeking beyond some shrubbery of a bank onto the water.
A brown bear peeking through the trees next to a watering hole.
Brown bear playing in a natural pool surrounded by stone.
The big bear is in the water by itself outside.
A bear sitting in a small area of water surrounded by large rocks.
A bear in the water, appears to be in the wilderness.
Big brown bear laying down on a sidewalk.
A brown bear is laying on the ground.
a brown bear resting comfortably in a zoo setting
A bear laying down with his head on his paws
A furry, black bear standing in a rocky, weedy, area in the wild.
a black bear that is standing next to water
a close up of a bear on a hill near a body of water
A black bear stands in the wild amongst dead grass
there is a black bear climbing the side of a mountain
A brown bear standing on top of a log.
A brown bear stands atop a fallen tree.
A brown bear is near a wood log.
A small bear is standing on top of the log
a bear that is standig on on some kind of tree stump
I believe this is a bear up in a tree but it is hard to be certain
a brown bear is digging in the ground for something
A brown bear stands digging in the dirt.
A brown bear walking a cross a dirt and grass field.
A large brown bear digging through the dirt.
A brown bear digging a hole in the dirt.
This is a picture of baby polar bear cubs playing.
Two polar bear cubs playing by a small pond.
Two polar bear cubs are playing by some water.
A black bear hangs on a tree branch.
A black bear in a deciduous tree peering over a branch.
A black bear climbing a brown tree in a forest.
Small black bear hanging on to tree branches.
A bear in the middle of the road looking at a dead animal.
A large black bear stands over the body of a dead squirrel on a paved road.
this is a black bear on the pavement
A black bear that is standing on a road.
Black bear in a large field of grass.
There is a bear that is eating grass inthe yatd
A black bear roaming through a field near another large animal.
A brown bear and a bison are in a grassy field.
A large bear laying on it's back in water.
A bear completely submerged in the water except for his paws and head.
A bear lying, back down, in the water.
a bear soaked itself in the river.
Birds around a bear in a green field.
A large black bear standing on top of a bird covered field.
there are two grizzly bears walking down the gravel road
a little bear standing between a couple of tree branches
A baby bear sits in the branches of a tree.
A sun bear sitting in the elbow of a tree.
A lone brown bear stands in the middle of a river.
Bear in middle of river with green trees on either side.
Bear in the middle of a river far from either bank.
a bear in a river of water with trees near by
A group of three bear cubs in the woods
Three tiny bear cubs cuddling together in the woodlands.
A polar bear is sleeping on a concrete surface.
A white polar bear sleeping with it's paws covering it's face.
A polar bear holds its face between its paws.
A white bear lying down on top of a rock with his pawn close to his face.
a bear in a shallow body of water near grass
A grizzly bear is walking in a stream of water.
A brown bear walking in a small calm creek
A brown bear walking around in the river.
a brown bear standing in the water and looking at something
A polar bear keeping cool in the water.
a white polar bear swimming in the water near gray rocks
A polar bear is having fun in the water.
A polar bear swimming in a river.
A POLAR BEAR SPLASHING AROUND IN THE WATER
At the zoo a brown bear rests its head on a rock
A large brown bear resting it's head on top of a rock.
A bear sleeps on a rock at an a exhibit.
A brown bear resting its head on a rock
a big brown bear rests his head on a rock
A brown bear sitting in a leather hammock.
A baby black bear resting in a large hammock.
A small black bear is leaning his head out of a leather pouch.
a baby bear sitting in a leather hammock.
A large black bear standing by a tree.
A black bear walking in the grass near a tree.
A bear on all fours walks toward trees.
The black bear is walking in grass near a tree.
black bear walking next to a tree and shrubs
A brown bear sitting on a bunch of fallen logs
A black bear sitting on a log in a forest.
A brown bear sitting on a fallen tree trunk.
Brown bear in woods sitting on log peacefully.
A bear sits on a log and looks at the grass.
A small black bear is making his way across a bank.
A black bear in the background on a grassy slope.
A picture of a bear that is in the grass.
A bear walking on all fours through a wooded area.
A large black bear walking across a lush green hillside.
A bear in the water has a fish in it's mouth.
Two grizzly bears catching fish in the water.
A pair of two grizzly brown bears in the wild.
Two grizzly bears walk across an open tundra.
A statue of a bear sitting next to a tree.
A grouping of black bear statues arranged outdoors.
Bear statues sit together in the grass.
A polar bear swimming in a icy pool in a zoo.
A brown bear in grassy area with rocks and water.
A large brown bear walking in a stream.
A bear walking around a lot of rocks.
A brown bear standing in a rocky stream.
A brown bear standing next to a flowing spring.
A bear reaching for berries on a branch in the forest.
A bear is picking berries off of a plant.
A brown bear surrounded by plants and berries.
A bear in the woods foraging for berries.
A bear is standing on two legs in a forest.
An adult polar bear with a carrot in it's mouth.
a white bear is eating something by the grass
A giant white polar bear playing with a toy in an enclosure.
a polar bear laying on the ground as it eats some food
A POLAR BEAR IS FEEDING IN A CAGE
The panda bear is relaxing on the cool rocks.
A panda enjoys lying down and sunning itself.
A panda bear rolls around looking ridiculous.
Black and white bear resting near vegetation in enclosed area.
a panda bear relaxing on a ledge in the shade
a bear that is walking on some rocks
The black bear is in a very rocky area.
A black bear standing on a rocky area.
a black bear walks across a big field
A black bear walking across a rocky terrain.
a single black bear standing beside some shrubs
Small black bear standing in front of a wooded area.
The bear is on the edge of the grass next to the woods.
A small black bear standing on a lush green field.
A black bear is seen in a field from a distance
A large black bear walking through a forest.
an image of a black bear in the woods
A bear smelling a branch in the woods at night.
a bear on the ground near trees and bushes
BEAR STALKING AROUND IN THE WOODS AT NIGHT
A large bear standing in a body of water next to a boat.
a bear that is pulling a boy on a surfboard
A boy has a bear help him pull in a boat.
A black and white photo of a bear in the water with a boy.
A boy and a bear cub are playing in the water.
A bear walking across a street next to a hillside.
A bear that is sniffing something in the road.
A young brown bear inspects debris on a road.
a brown bear is eating in the middle of a road
A bear eating road kill from a paved highway.
a bear sticking his head under the water
A bear is fishing in a creek and another bear is on the shore.
A bear with its head dunked under the water of a stream.
A bear standing in a river below a small waterfall.
A brown bear walking through a forest next to fallen trees.
A bear eating something from the ground in the woods.
A hungry bear scavenges about looking for food.
a single bear standing around and sniffing something
A bear smelling the dried out grass outdoors.
A zoo keeper keeps an eye on the polar bear in his cage
a polor bear inside of an cage while a woman is looking at it.
A woman looking at a polar bear through the iron fence.
a woman looking at the white bear in a park
A grizzle bear looking concerned while in the woods.
there is a black bear that is walking in the forest
A large brown bear walking across a leaf filled forest.
a bear walking in the forrest on a leafy ground
A big bear standing out in the shade and sun light
A large white bear walking on top of a log.
the polar bear is walking over boulders and small logs.
A large white bear standing on a rock.
A polar bear walking down rocks to a log.
a large bear that is walking on a tree stump
Large brown bear walking on top of a boulder by itself.
A  close shot of a brown black bear walking alone.
a brown bear is walking lazily down the road
A brown bear walking across a stone ground.
a brown bear walks lazily along the dirt
A brown bear standing next to a river
a bear statue sits in front of a building
there is a bear statue that is on top of a rope
Bear like caricature on wire with tall building with clocks and spire in background.
A statue of a bear standing atop some wires next to an old building.
two brown grizzly bears standing among some trees
A black bear standing at an incline on a hill.
A bear on the slope of a hill by some rocks and vegetation.
A bear walking on the mountain side sniffing the plants.
A black bear foraging for food on a hill by a bush.
A man is feeding a bear through a fence in a zoo.
A brown bear looking up to the sky while smiling.
Close up of a big grizzly bear enjoying the warmth from the sunshine
A bear closes its eyes with wet fur.
A brown bear with head uplifted and eyes closed.
The polar bear stands idly in his habitat waiting for something to kill.
A polar bear stands on a rock surface in a zoo.
A polar bear walks across the concrete "ice" of its zoo enclosure
A polar bear in a man made enclosure, walking around.
A white polar bear walking across a rock hillside.
A polar bear is standing on hind legs near another sitting polar bear.
A large white polar bear laying on it's back.
a polor bear on a rock laying down
A polar bear relaxes on its back with its eyes shut.
A polar bear rolled onto his wide back
a polar bear is laying down on some rocks
A big black bear laying on rock looking right at the camera
a close up of a bear on rocks
there is a large black bear that is siting on a rock
A black bear is laying down with his arms crossed looking out on top of a rock.
A bear is leaning on a wall with his paws folded looking upwards.
The brown bear sits watching another bear climb the rocks.
a couple of bear cubs sit under a log
A bear standing still in a grassy field.
A brown bear standing on a field of dirt and grass.
A bear looking out for possible food sources
a brown bear standing still in a field
a bear standing on a field in the wilderness.
A large black bear standing on a lush green field.
A black bear looking over at something
The large black bear is outside posing for a picture.
a brown bear outside looking hungry in a picture
A brown bear walks down a road toward an approaching bus.
a bear that is standing in a pond
a bear caries a pink ball by the river side
A bear stands on its hind legs next to a stream with a ball in the grass.
a bear in a field near a body of water
A bear playing in a stream with a pink shape.
A black bear about to go into the water.
A small bear is walking down to the water.
Brown bear walking down a rock-covered hill to the water
A bear that is going towards some water.
A bear walks down the hill to the water.
a polar bear standing next to a cliff
A polar bear stands on a rock, looking downward.
A polar bear standing high on a rock.
A large white polar bear standing on a rock in an enclosure.
A polar bear perched on a rock at a zoo.
a big bear stands on a tree stump
A bear is eating food that was left out for him.
A black bear standing on two feet is eating something.
a bear on a tree truck near many trees
The bear is wondering about in the woods.
A bear in the forest walks alone next to a giant tree
A bear walking in a forrest surrounded by trees.
a black bear that is walking next to a tree
A bear walking towards a very large tree.
a brown bear walking through a sunny forest
A small bear standing in a bunch of grass
A brown bear roaming through the snowy grass
A large black bear walking through a grassy field.
a large bear is standing near the ice
A bear walking in the grass near a pile of snow.
a big bear stands next to a lake
A bear has just taken a dip in the water
A brown bear near the river and some grass
A bear is seen in the grass next to a creek.
A mother bear and her cub in motion through a stream
A mother bear and her bear cub wade in shallow water.
A mother bear and her young cub in a river
A mother bear and her cub are in a stream in the woods.
A bear  walking through the trees with his eyes to the ground.
A bear in the woods sniffs the ground.
A brown bear beside a tub of water in the woods
There is a bear walking through the woods.
a bear that is walking around in the woods
A large brown bear walking across a pond.
A very large furry brown bear on a rock by the water.
a bear reaching down at the water off a rock.
LARGE BROWN BEAR MAKING HIS WAY OVER THE ROCKS TO THE WATER
A bear standing on a large rock leaning toward a pool of water.
a black bear in a forest nearing a body of water
a black bear walking through the brush near the woods
A black bear walking through a lush green forest.
A black bear walking out of the woods towards a pond.
A black bear standing near some water staring at some birds.
A black bear is sniffing at the bark of a tree.
A black bear sniffing at a tree in the park.
A black bear sniffs a tree trunk in a grassy meadow.
A black bear is smelling a skinny tree.
A bear with black fur from behind, standing in green grass with nose to a tree's trunk.
An adult bear and three babies cross a road
Brown bear sitting in upright position in grassy field.
a little bear lays down in a grassy patch
A bear sitting down in long green grass
A small brown bear rolling in the grass
A confused bear laying down about to lick himself.
A large brown bear walking across a lush green field.
A brown bear in grassy field with rocks.
A light colored bear waling in a field with flowers, rocks and grass.
there is a light brown bear walking in the grass
A large brown bear in the green grass.
A brown bear stands on a log near some water.
a big brown bear walking on a branch over the water
There is a bear standing near the water.
The bear is on the tree limb near the water.
A bear walks in the tall grass near the water.
A brown bear walking along the waters edge
A bear and her cub stand on the edge of lake.
a brown bear standing next to the water while looking down at it
A black bear is on a bench in the woods.
A very big furry black bear laying on a platform.
A black bear lying on a wooden deck outdoors.
A bear relaxes and lies down on a piece of wood.
A black bear laying on a wooden bench.
A black bear walking through a lush green forest.
A black bear in the thicket with bush and rock
A bear walking through a field by some moss and trees.
A large bear walking through a forest near trees.
A large brown bear walks around a sparse forest.
A small black bear moving through a stand of bare trees.
Brown bear walking through the woods in autumn.
A bear walking across a rural road in front of a crowd of people.
A bear that is standing in the middle of the street.
A bear crossing a road as people take pictures of it.
A bear walking in front of a bunch of people.
People watch and take photos of a bear walking across a trail.
A truck comes across a mother polar bear and her cub.
A teddy bear sitting on plate next to a cup.
A teddy bear sitting next to a cup on a saucer with a tea towel and two bottles in the background.
a little teddy bear sitting in a saucer next to a cup
A brown teddy bear sitting on top of  a saucer.
tiny little teddy bear sits on plate next to cup and bottles
A black bear eating berries out of a green tree.
The bear is reaching up to smell the flower.
A black bear eating berries out of a tree.
A man and two children pose for a picture with a statue of a brown bear
A man with his arm around a fake bear behind two little girls.
a man in a blue shirt and some children and a brown bear
A man with a blue and white Hawaiian shirt standing next to a statue of a bear and two small girls standing in front of him.
a large bear is standing over by the rocks
A bear sticks out its tongue while standing in front of a rocky background.
A big black bear standing on dirt in an enclosure at a zoo.
A black bear is standing by the rock
A large black bear standing in a dirt field.
A brown bear on the side of the road heading for the trees.
A large brown bear walking across a grass covered field.
Bear walking across a street to the woods.
A brown bear walking close to some trees at the side of the road.
A bear walks from the road into the woods.
A brown bear is walking through tall grass near the woods.
a bear in a field of grass with trees in the background
A brown bear in the middle of grass with trees in the background.
a bear is alone in a grassy field
A brown bear standing in the grass near trees.
A black bear laying on top of a field near trees.
A person is sitting outside near a bear under a tree.
A man watches a bear from a parking lot.
A person is watching a bear that is lying under a tree.
A brown bear stands among ferns in a forest.
A bear walks through a patch of bushes.
A large brown bear walking in the tall bushes.
A bear walking through brush in the woods.
A bear standing in ferns in a forest
A brown bear in a pond pokes its head up.
A close up image of a bear in a swamp.
A bear sits in the water and looks over a floating log.
A big brown bear half submerged in a river.
A brown bear in the water next to a dock.
a black bear sitting by some grass
A bear stands near a grassy area and looks at the camera.
black bear outdoors on a gray path near grass
A black bear is walking along a path in the daytime.
A large brown bear walking along a grass covered field.
A large bear standing on top of a stone ground.
a polar bear looking in a box hanging in the air
a white polar bear and a brown box in its pen
a polar bear standing in some water looking into a box
A large polar bear is eating from a box.
A big brown bear looking up at the trees.
A young black bear makes his way through the green forests.
A bear reaches up and sniffs at some berries.
A brown bear in long, green grass by water
A bear walking across a lush green field.
a small bear is walking in some green grass
There is a bear moving past water and trees, though tall grass.
A grizzly bear is walking away from the water.
One bear begging to get out of the zoo, while another kind of stands there
A large brown bear standing on top of a log.
A brown bear on a log in his zoo enclosure
A brown bear in an exhibit standing on a tree branch.
The bear is enjoying playing with the log.
A brown bear standing on a tree branch near a rock wall.
A black bear stands at attention in a habitat.
A black bear is standing on all fours near a fallen log.
A bear stands on all fours in an enclosure.
A little black bear standing on a rock.
A couple of grizzly bear fishing for cood in a river.
two grizzly bears one has caught a fish on the falls
a close up of a bear laying on a dirt ground
A black bear is laying outside in the dirt.
A black bear rolling around on it's back on a field.
A black bear lying on the ground in the dirt.
A black bear rolling around in the grass.
A brown bear standing on top of a rock on a rocky hillside.
A brown bear standing on top of a rock
A young bear stands on a boulder in the brush.
A small brown bear stands on a rock.
a brown bear sitting on a big rock
A brown bear walks in dried grass and branches.
A brown bear walking near a tree on a field.
A small bear smelling the ground in front of a tree trunk.
A bear sniffing the ground next to a tree.
A brown bear scavenging on the ground of a cleared area.
An adult polar bear is swimming in the water.
A PICTURE OF A POLAR BEAR SWIMMING IN THE WATER
A large white polar bear swimming in a body of water.
a polar bear swims in the blue water
a polar bear in the water swimming.
A bear and her two cubs huddle near a tree.
A bear stands ready to protect her two cubs
A large white polar bear walking across a stone wall.
A large polar bear in a rocky setting at a zoo.
a polar bear stands on some rocks
Polar bear walking in enclosure with large rocks.
A large white bear next to some rocks.
a polar bear near rock formations in an enclosed area
a polar bear sitting in a grassy area of its living area
polar bear sits in enclosure looking up at the sky
White bear sitting in weeds in the zoo.
A white bear sitting in fenced greenery among rocks, with its head pointed diagonally upwards.
The bear is alone in the woods outside.
A large brown bear walking through a green forest.
A brown bear with its mouth open, in the brush.
Grizzly bear stalking around through some green trees.
a brown bear is sitting in some bushes
a polar bear fully submerged in a small body of water
A baby polar bear swimming in the water.
A polar bear is diving down in a pool.
A polar bear taking a swim in the water.
A polar bear submerged in clear blue water.
A large polar bear on a toy ice pond in a zoo.
A polar bear walking towards the small pond of  water.
A polar bear standing beside a pool of water.
A woman is holding some bear cubs in her lap.
A black bear is standing in a field
a bear in teh middle of a grassy field
A bear sits in a field with red and green grass.
A black bear walking across a lush green field.
A bear walking in a grassy and flower meadow.
A large black bear laying down in a forest next to a tall tree.
A bear lays down in the forest by a tree.
A black bear in a forest during fall season.
A black bear lounging in the leaves near a tree.
The bear is hunched down beside the tree.
A large bear looking down at his  paws.
A large bear runs rapidly through the woods
A large brown bear walking across a beach.
A brown and black bear walking on a rocky area.
A large brown bear walks along some rocks.
A large, black bear stands near a small tree in a forest area.
a bear looking at something in the grass .
A large bear walking through a lush green field.
A bear behind a tree in the wilderness.
A brown bear is alone in a field.
black bear standing on top of rock with rocky background
A black bear is standing on a grassy rock.
a black bear investigating something on his rock
A young bear standing on top of a rock.
A black bear stands on a rock, looking at the ground.
A black bear sitting on the grass beneath a tree
A bear lounging in a clearing in front of a tree
A small black bear laying down on a grass covered forest.
A black bear laying on the ground by a tree.
Black bear lying on grass while facing the camera.
One bear observes visitors at the zoo, while another bear sleeps.
Bear in enclosure looking at tourists at viewing area.
A bear is sitting and the other one is sleeping.
A large brown bear sitting on top of a stone wall.
A brown bear sitting by a water feature in a zoo enclosure
A large brown bear holding on to the back end of a boat.
A bear is in the water, smiling, and gripping a large object.
A black bear standing in water and holding the back of a boat.
A bear tries to climb inside someone's boat with them.
A bear in water with paws on a plastic container.
A polar bear standing on a rock looking out.
A large white polar bear standing on a stone wall.
a white polar bear is walking in his pen
A polar bear standing on the rocks in its enclosure.
A bear roaming in a park somewhere during the day.
A brown bear walking through a forest filled with trees.
a brown bear standing in the shade in the wood
A brown bear walks through the shade of many trees.
Brown bear walking through the woods pass some trees
a brown bear sitting down and looking into the water
A bear eating a fish near a stream.
A brown bear sitting on top of a lush green hillside near a river.
Brown bear eating a fish on the side of a river.
A very big furry bear with a fish by a stream.
The big bear is laying down on the rock in the sun.
A big brown bear laying on a rock.
A brown bear laying on a rock with moss growing below.
a bear laying on the rocks looking all relaxed
A brown bear laying up on some big rocks.
A black bear walking around in a grassy yard.
A baby bear is roaming around in a backyard.
The little black bear is all alone in the backyard.
A black bear is in a yard setting with a bench.
A small black bear looking back while standing in a yard.
Furry bear walking in a thick grassy area.
A bear is knee high in the grass.
Large water bubbles can be seen as a polar bear thrashes in the water.
A polar bear is swimming in the blue water.
The polar bear swimming briskly through the ocean current
And animal stands on a table while a bear rides a bicycle.
An animal on top of a table while a bear rides a bike.
A black bear with a white marking on its chest.
a bear on a dirt ground near a fallen branch
Bear on back feet growling in direction of the camera
A black bear standing on top of a log.
A bear that is sitting on a small log.
A black bear is pulling papers out of a suspended cage.
The bear is trying to get a hold of the trash.
Bear attempting to get trash out of a wire basket suspended from a tree.
A brown bear digging through trash next to a green plant.
a black bear is trying to get something out of the small cage
A large brown bear walking across a lush green field.
A large shaggy brown bear is walking along a path.
a brown and black bear some bushes grass and rocks
A large brown bear standing in a field.
A brown bear roaming the grounds in a wooded setting.
A bear laying on its back on a metal bridge
A black and white bear lies down in a metal rack.
A bear laying on its back on a foot bridge.
there is a black bear that us laying down on a bridge
a bear on a rusted metal walk way
there is a polar bear playing with a water bottle in the water
A bear that is in the water, with a jug.
A polar bear watches a large jug floating by.
Bear in water playing with a large bottle.
Bear in water staring at plastic bottle with sunlight shining on bear and bottle
A brown bear splashes in water while running.
A young bear cub splashing in some water.
A brown bear climbing out of water near a forest.
The bear is all alone in the water outside.
A brown bear standing in the woods alone
THIS IS A CLOSE UP PICTURE OF A VERY LARGE BEAR
a bear walking through the forrest with its mouth open
A grizzle bear looking down at a snail on a log.
A big brown bear showing his teeth.
Grizzly bears sitting and standing in an exhibit enclosure.
A brown bear sitting next to a white bear on a dirt lot.
A white baby bear rubs against a large white bear near some rocks.
An adult polar bear stands next to a polar bear cub.
A brown bear cub and a raccoon eating berries in the woods.
Pair of grizzly bears prowling for food on hill
one bear is taking a bath while the other is just getting in
A brown bear walking across a river towards grass.
A bear wadding in a stream headed to shore.
A brown bear is inside the river and crossing it.
a black and brown bear some water and some plants
There is a bear walking through the water.
A white polar bear standing on top of a rocky mountain.
A polar bear in a zoo enclosure sitting down on a pile of rocks.
A polar bear sitting down with big rocks.
A white polar bear sitting on large rocks.
a bear that is standing on some big rocks
A polar bear with something in its mouth standing on a large rock.
A polar bear on a rock eating carrots.
Polar bear enjoying snack of carrots while standing on large rock.
A white polar bear on a rock formation with carrots next to it and it's mouth.
A white polar bear standing on top of a rock eating carrots.
A brown bear next to a fence with words reading "bear and wolf museum."
A bear walking in front of a fence.
The brown bear is alone caged outside for people to visit.
A picture of a brown bear at the Bear and Wolf Museum
a close up of a bear behind a fence
A small bear holding a larger bear around the neck while standing on a rock in a river.
A bear hugging another bear on a rock in the river
A large black bear walking next to a huge stone wall.
A black bear walking around an enclosure outside.
A large black bear walking in  its enclosure
Black bear walking along path in pen next to drainage.
A black bear is walking around his confined space at the zoo.
A large stuffed bear on display in a room.
Giant stuffed teddy bear in the middle of the room
A stuffed light brown bear with snow is on display.
a large stuffed bear in some kind of building.
A tall stuffed bear displayed in a store.
A black bear is taking a stroll through the forest
A bear climbs through some plants and onto some rocks.
a black bear is walking on rocks outside
A small black bear standing in the grass and rocks.
A black bear standing on top of a pile or rocks near a lush green tree.
A black bear sitting on the ground next to a log.
a black bear standing on the edge of a cliff
A black bear looking down a hill beside a fall log.
A very big furry black bear on the side of a hill.
A baby bear that is standing by some bark
A black bear wandering in to a playground
A bear is standing in a playground with swings and a basketball court.
a park setting showing kids swings and a basketball goal and oddly enough a black bear strolling through.
The black bear walks in the barren park with swings and basketball hoop.
a bear is rubbing up against a tree
a bear has its mouth open and is stractighing its back on the tree
A black bear leaning up against a wooden tree.
A black bear in an enclosed area near a pool of water.
A black bear in a zoo pin near a pool of water.
a bear that is standing inside of a fence
A bear on the ground next to a pond.
A black bear beside a man-made pond in an enclosure.
a bear sitting on a rock with a river running through it
A large black bear walking on top of a rock covered river.
the bear is hunting for salmon in the river
A black bear looking back while on some stream rocks.
The wet black bear is standing on rocks in the river.
A black bear standing at the edge of a waterway.
A bear standing on some rocks in the water.
A bear looks it its left while standing on some rocks near the water.
A large black bear walking across a field.
A small black bear is walking through the pond.
A black bear naps under a twisted tree.
a tired black bear that is taking a nap
Black bear laying on green grass asleep with snow around
A large black bear laying on top of a  field of grass.
The polar bear is chewing on his icy treat.
A polar bear stands on a rock chewing on an object.
A polar bear gnaws on a block of ice with fish frozen in it.
A bear that is standing on a rock.
The polar bear is trying to eat something on the rock.
A brown bear is in tall grass near the water.
A grizzly bear sitting outside in the grass.
A bear sits in the middle of an open field of wasteland
A Grizzly bear sits in a field near a river.
An adult male bear is seated in the grass looking at something
A mother black bear with white fur on her face and breast stands with her two cubs by a rock wall.
Back bear with white snot and two cubs.
A large black bear stands beside two smaller cubs.
A large black bear walking across a lush green field.
The bear trots about the countryside eager to quench his taste for human blood.
A dark colored bear walking on all fours in a tall grass field.
A brown bear walking through a grassy meadow.
A huge bear walking through the woods alone
a polar bear stands on top of a rock
a close up of a polar bear standing on a rock
A polar bear standing near a pool of water at a zoo.
A polar bear at the zoo standing in it's habitat
A large white polar bear standing on a large rock.
A bear walks up to a person in an old picture.
A bear in a cage with the trainer besides him.
A black bear sniffing a man with a stick in a zoo.
A black and white photo of a bear sniffing a man.
A bear is sniffing a trainer in an enclosure.
A group of bear cubs climbing along a branch of a tree.
Bears in a bear pit climbing on a tree trunk.
A black bear and a cup crossing a street
A mother bear and her cub crossing a two lane road.
A brown bear licking the ear of another brown bear.
A small brown bear licks it's paw near logs.
A large black bear walking with it's cub across a field.
A bear and his baby cub are taking a walk together.
A look at a black bear and its young.
There is an adult black bear followed by a baby bear
an older bear a young bear walking in a field near many trees
A polar bear lying lazily on a set of rocks.
The polar bear sitting on boulders is licking it's paw.
there is a polar bear that is sitting on the rocks
A polar bear laying on a large boulder.
A polar bear that is sitting on top of some rocks.
A boy is watching a bear at the zoo.
A large black bear walking across a stone walkway.
A bear that is on a branch in a tree.
A black bear is peeking out of a hole in the tree.
A baby black bear is up in a tree.
A bear sits in a hole inside of a large, green tree.
A black bear is walking through the field
a bear walking around outside, near a camp site.
A black bear walking across a grass field.
A black bear walking in the grass
There is a bear walking across the grass.
A white polar bear standing on top of a puddle of water.
A polar bear playing in the water at a wild life enclosure.
The bear is standing and looking down at something that is in its hands
The polar bear is looking at his latest treat.
A large white polar bear walking through it's enclosure at a zoo.
A ploar bear walking in its habitat in a zoo.
A polar bear struts around his concrete enclosure.
a polar bear walking on concrete with rocks in the background
It appears the polar bear is smiling and walking at the same time.
a big bear plays with another bears neck
A bear biting into another bear in front of a fence.
Brown bear walking around in river looking for fish
Bear walking through water with stones and rocks.
A small bear in a stream trying to catch some fish.
A brown bear is walking through a shallow, rocky, stream.
A young grizzly bear is walking in a creek.
A mama and baby bear sitting on a muddy field.
A polar bear and a cub laying in the grass.
An adult bear is sniffing a baby bear.
A large bear and a bear cub sitting next to each other.
A mother bear and her cub in a small depression.
A large bear grabbing at a tree branch.
A bear hanging from a tree while eating leaves.
A baby black bear is climbing a tree.
A bear that is sitting in the grass.
A close shot of a bear with a grassy hill behind it.
a bear that is outside by some grass
A polar bear is looking over the grass at something off camera.
A black bear on a grassy field with trees in the background.
A brown bear walking through a forest filled with trees.
A bear stares away from the camera in the forest.
an image of a black grizzly bear walking in the woods
A black bear walking in the middle of a field and looking back.
a brown bear is peaking its head out of water
A bear is shown, laying in a body of water.
a brown bear swims across the water, looking for fish
A large brown bear walking through a body of water.
A large brown bear swimming half submerged in some water.
Grizzly bear grazing in grassy field in daylight
A bear in the middle of the field walking.
A big, brown bear walking in a clearing.
A brown bear is walking through a bushy field.
A brown bear walking across a grass covered hill.
A brown bear laying down with its tongue out.
A black bear sitting on a rock in the sun.
A brown bear laying on a rock with its tongue sticking out
A black bear laying on rock eating food.
One polar bear is trying to overcome another in a game of water wrestling.
There are two bears in the bear enclosure.
A bear walking through the grass and rocks in the wilderness.
A large brown bear standing on top of a rocky hillside.
A bear of some sort out in the wild.
A bear walking across rocks in a grass field.
A bear is rooting in some dirt with his nose
A bear is sniffing the dirt covered ground.
there is a medium size bear smelling something on the ground
A young bear nosing around the ground on a sunny day.
A white polar bear rolling around on it's back.
A polar bear is laying on the pavement with all fours in the air.
A polar bear lolls on his rock to beat the heat.
Polar bear laying on his back on a rock.
A bear laying on it's back on a rock.
A polar bear swimming through water in a zoo.
A bear is swimming near a rock in the middle of the afternoon.
A young polar bear swims through icy waters.
A polar bear swimming in an enclosure, with fake ice.
A bear and her cubs are in the water
A bear and two cubs drink from a stream.
A mother bear teaching her two cubs how to fish in a stream.
A brown bear splashes in the water near some rocks.
A bear walking around in the middle of a water hole.
A black bear standing in a pond of water.
The bear will climb the bank to get out of the water.
A black bear is walking between two large rocks
a bear laying in the grass next to a ledge
a bear that is on some concrete in some grass
A black bear is sitting on a ledge.
A bear that is laying down on its stomach neat water.
A bear rests on some grass with its forepaws stretching over what appears to be a concrete barricade.
A bear eating a piece of food in rocky area with hay.
The bear is eating something off of the ground outside.
A black bear is eating on rocks near hay
A bear seems to be eating something against the top of his paw.
A bear is laying down in the dirt.
A bear is covering it's face with a paw that has long claws.
a close up of a bear on a concrete ground
A big black bear walking beside trees with a little black bear.
A mother bear and baby bear walk around as people watch near their cars.
A bear that is laying down in the dirt.
A bear seems to be trying to hide under the log.
A bear rests its head on a fallen tree.
A bear hides behind a dead log and peers over it.
A bear laying behind a big tree trunk
A brown bear leaving a body of water and walking into grass.
a close up of a bear walking out of a body of water
A big brown wet bear after taking a bath in the river.
a brown bear with wet fur walking in a grass field.
A brown bear dripping water as it exits a stream.
A bear is seen eating grass in the foreground of multiple trees.
a polar bear on a field near many trees
The bear is walking on the side of a hill near a boulder.
A big light colored bear standing on a hill.
A very large bear sauntering in a zoo type environment
A brown bear and a dark brown bear in water.
A brown bear standing next to some trees in the woods.
A brown bear in grassy area next to rocks and trees.
A lone bear in the woods peering forward.
A brown bear looks out over the forest floor in the bright beams of sunlight.
A bear in a dirt covered  open space in the forest.
A large black bear walking across a forest.
A bear is standing in an open area near the woods.
A black bear walking down a gravel road.
a little black bear walking in some rocks
there is a black bear that can be seen walking on the road
The bear is ignoring those people as he crosses the road.
a large bear is standing on a road near some people
A bear walking across a street near a forest.
People stop for a bear as he crosses the road.
A man letting a black bear into the wild from a caged trailer.
Man perched on a service trailer watching a small bear leave the vicinity.
A couple of bear cubs, peeking out from a den.
Two bear cubs resting next to each other in a cave.
A large brown bear walking across a grass covered forest.
A bear observing something on the ground of a field.
A brown bear wanders out from the woods.
A brown bear walking in its habitat at a zoo.
a huge brown bear standing at the edge of a small hill
A large brown bear standing in a  lush green forest.
A bear with his mouth open showing its teeth.
A wild brown bear with its mouth open.
a brown bear has its mouth open and some trees
a grizzly bear is growling into the distance
There is a white bear standing on some rocks.
A large bear walking across stone covered ground.
A bear standing on rocks is roaring angrily.
The polar bear is standing on the rocks.
A polar bear opens his mouth while standing on a rocky grassy area.
A young bear cub perched between two tree branches
A brown bear sitting in between two trees looking at a tree trunk.
A large bear walking across a grass covered hillside.
Distant view of a bear crossing a grassy slope.
A black bear walks across a green field
A brown bear is walking on a grassy hill.
A lone bear walking up a grassy hillside.
A large black bear swimming in a river next to a muddy shore.
The bear cub at the zoo is sitting with all four paws in the water.
A small black bear looks up from the river.
a black bear sitting in the forest in the woods
A young black bear sitting in a river.
Two bears biting each other in a body of water with another bear swimming nearby.
A black bear eating a fish he has caught
A bear in a stream eating a fish.
A bear has caught a fish in a stream.
a bear in a body of water with a fish
A black bear in a stream with a fish in its mouth.
Shaggy brown bear walking in trees toward camera.
A very big furry black bear in the woods.
A large black bear next to some trees.
A bear that is walking in the grass next to a tree.
A black bear walking through a forest on dry grass.
A grizzly bear in a brushy mountain meadow.
A bear walking in the woods through the grass.
A lone bear wanders through a verdant field.
A big brown bear in the field of an enclosure.
a bear on a field near a formation of rocks
bear walks around rocky terrain next to caves
Grizzly bear standing on the grass of an exhibit enclosure.
A bear is standing in the rocky field.
A black bear walking across a leaf covered park.
A young black bear runs out of the forest.
A bear is walking around on some grass.
a black bear some large rocks and trees
A black bear walks on grass near rocks.
Polar bear playing with toys in zoo enclosure.
A polar bear cub at the zoo playing with a toy.
a large white bear is sniffing a feeder
A polar bear plays with a toy in its enclosure
A bear with two cubs is walking near the river on a rocky hillside.
A polar bear stands over an orange disc in his enclosure.
A polar bear standing behind a bright orange object.
A polar bear looks toward the camera in front of his orange disc toy.
a polar bear standing on a cement floor next to an orange plate and an enclosed body of water.
a polar bear standing next to an orange disc
A bear sitting on its rump next to another bear laid out flat.
a polar bear laying down on a rock and snow
The polar bear is laying on the snow.
A polar bear rolls in snow and slush over rock.
A polar bear lays on some snow.
A polar bear nuzzling up against fresh snow
A lone bear walking through a field of grass and flowers.
A bear is walking through the talk grass and flowers.
a black bear walking throughs some flowers and some tall grass
A YOUNG BEAR WALKING THROUGH A BEAUTIFUL MEADOW
A black bear is walking through tall green grass.
a bear itching itself on a bare tree
A large bear rubbing against an ash tree.
A polar bear playing with a stick next to a tree.
There is a bear sitting by itself on the grass.
A large furry bear sits in a field and examines something in the distance.
A bear sits on the grass and glares at something.
Bear on grass sitting with his front paws holding him up.
a bear is sitting in a green field
A black and white panda bear sitting on the ground next to a white thing.
The Panda is licking the large mound of food.
A panda bear trying to eat from a pack.
A panda inspecting something that is in front of it.
A panda bear investigating a strange object in its pen
a giant bear standing on its hind legs in a grassy area in front of the mountain
A large bear standing upright with mountains in the background.
A stuffed bear is displayed in front of a mountain scene.
A tall dead brown bear standing in a grass field.
a big bear standing on the grass staring around
A large bear running on a dirt road.
a big black bear running toward the camera
The very large black bear is in the woods.
A giant black bear running along a dirt road.
A charging bear running down a dirt path.
a black bear behind a chain link fence
A bear is standing behind a chain link fence
A bear is standing outdoors in the wilderness.
a bear that is standing around in a field
A bear is foraging in an open field.
a bear that is walking by some bushes
A black bear standing on top of a dirt field.
A polar bear swimming in the water with a blue ball.
A polar bear is in the water playing with a blue ball
A polar bear playing with a blue ball
A large white polar bear holding a blue ball in water.
A large black bear walking through a forest.
a medium size black bear in he fores with a brown muzzle
A black bear stands in front of a tree in a grassy area.
a black bear along side a road staring at the camera
A black bear travelling in the brush next to a road.
A very large furry bear walking near a road.
The bear is roaming freely out of the wilderness into the road.
A large brown bear is standing near the grass.
A bear walks onto a road from the adjacent hill.
A large brown bear walking along a road next to a lush hillside.
A bear that is walking in an enclosure.
A bear looking curiously at something while in a zoo exhibit.
A bear that is standing up behind a glass.
A very big furry cute bear by some rocks.
a brown bear standing next to some thick glass
A black bear is emerging from the grass to cross a paved street.
A cute black bear walking to the road from the forest.
a bear on the side of a road in the grass
A bear that is standing partially on a road and in the grass.
A black  bear standing at the edge of the road and studying the ground.
Black bear cubs practice climbing a tree in the forest.
a brown and white teddy bear reading a book
Stuffed panda bear positioned to look like it is reading a book.
A stuffed panda bear sitting in a chair holding a book.
A smiling stuffed Panda holding an open book.
A stuffed panda sits in a chair with an open book.
A panda eats a bamboo stalk in the forest.
A panda is sitting on a tree branch.
A panda bear sitting and eating next to green bushes.
Panda bear sitting on top of a tree eating a branch.
A panda bear chewing on a piece of bamboo.
Baby bear cub up in a tree while mom and another cub are below.
A furry bear hanging out on a rock with his buddy in the zoo
A polar bear is walking on snow and has one paw up in the air.
A lone polar bear makes its way across the ice at sunset.
a bear that is walking on a snow field
A lone polar bear walking across a frozen landscape.
a polar bear walking around on the snow
A pair of grizzly bears mating with each other
There is an image of a bear jumping on another bear.
A bear biting the neck of another bear.
Two brown bears, one bear climbing over the larger of the two.
A polar bear lays resting on a rock.
a large polar bear is sleeping on a rock
a white bear sleeping on a big rock.
A bear sleeps on a rock ledge in an exhibit.
A polar bear sleeping on a rock formation.
A man in water waiters sits in a river as he watches a baby bear run by.
A man wading a river admiring a bear in the distance.
A man standing in a river with a bear cub on the opposite shore.
A polar bear sticks its head in another polar bear's butt.
A polar bear sniffing the butt of another bear.
A polar bear buries its head under the rump of another polar bear.
There is a bear that is crossing the river
A grizzly bear sprints across a road and up a hill.
Brown bear leaping from road edge to grassy bank.
A brown bear running up the side of a grass covered hill.
a bear leaping into the brush off a street next to the forrest
A bear eats a fish near a river.
A grizzly bear tearing away at a fish it caught.
A grizzly bear eats a fish near a body of water.
A brown bear walking on all fours near a lake with something in his mouth.
A large brown bear walking through a field with a fish.
A large brown bear standing in a lush green field.
The bear is turning around in the deep weeds.
A bear standing in the grass next to some bushes.
A bear is walking outside near tall grass.
A bear roaming in a tall grassy area.
A black bear standing on top of a lush green field.
The black bear is walking through the tall grass.
A black bear stands in the grass alone.
A large black bear walking in the grass.
A bear walking through a grass meadow during the day.
A large black bear walking past a wooden bench.
A bear is behind a wood park bench
an image of a bear cub by a bench outside
a bear walking near a bench in the fall
A bear standing behind a pick-nick table.
A large black bear walking in the grass
A black bear in grassy area with trees in the background.
A black bear walking in the grass near brush.
A black bear is walking near a forest.
A bear that is walking in the grass.
A brown bear swimming in a body of water.
A bear in the water sticking its tongue out.
A brown bear int he water with his tongue sticking out.
A bear sits in water with sunlight shining on him.
there is a brown bear that is in the water with his tongue out
A polar bear with its head under the water
A polar bear goes bobbing for fish at the zoo
A polar bear dating into water from a rock.
Polar bear dives into the water face first
A large white polar bear swimming in a lake on it's head.
A polar bear sleeping on a rock.
a polar bear sleeping on a rock ledge
a polar bear on a rock formation with trees in the background
this polar bear is taking a nap on a rock
The white polar bear is asleep on large boulders.
A bear is standing on rocky ground with something in its mouth.
A large brown bear beside a large rock.
A brown bear standing next to a stone wall.
A brown bear walking on concrete with rocks and trees in the background.
A big brown bear near a rock wall.
A bear with its mouth open and swiping a paw at another bear.
Two bear cubs play in an animal enclosure.
A black bear walking across a lush green field.
A black bear walking down the side of a dirt road.
A bear that is standing in the grass.
a bear prowling in the grass next to a dirt road
A black bear walking through a field by a road.
A large white polar bear rolling around in a body of water.
A polar bear with his mouth open swimming on its back.
an adult polar bear splashing into cold water
A white bear rolling around in the water.
A mother bear leads the way off of the road with her cub.
A brown bear asleep in a green forest.
Two bear laying around sleeping in the wild.
Two black bear cubs wrestling around with each other.
A black bear cub follows a brown bear cub.
Two bear cubs running and playing in the wild.
A small brown bear being chased by a black bear
a polar bear walking behind a fence
A polar bear in a zoo looks beyond the fence that encapsulates it.
A polar bear tries to stick its head above its enclosure's wires.
A white polar bear walking across a lush green field.
A polar bear looks over a railing in a zoo.
A black bear walking behind a white car.
A bear walking up to a car parked in the woods.
Black bear walking behind a white car in the forest.
a bear walking near a car near a tree
a black bear is walking up behind a car in the woods
A bear walks through an area with some trees.
A black bear walking around in a wooded area
a black bear walking through a woody forest.
A black bear walking through leaves near a mossy tree.
a big black bear walking through the woods
A large bear is walking through its space at the zoo.
A brown bear walking across a field near rocks.
A big brown bear stands on a rock behind a viewing window at the zoo.
A bear is wandering around his enclosure at the zoo.
A bear in a zoo walking around with people watching.
A brown bear wandering on a path in a forset
There is a bear walking through the woods.
A bear that is walking in the woods.
A black bear wandering through a forest sniffing the ground.
A single black bear wandering through the woods.
A black bear standing next to a metal pole fence near plants.
a black bear standing over a purple bag.
a bear messing with something near bushes
A black bear eating something tied to a rope
A very big black bear holding an object by a rail.
There is a bear sitting next to a bird.
A bear and a bird sitting side by side.
A brown bear sits on the rocks on a sunny day.
A bear sits in his enclosure next to a bird.
A bear standing on the ground nest to a fence.
A polar bear stands a small rock in the middle of surrounding water.
A wet polar bear in a zoo habitat.
The polar bear looks like he is just getting out of the water.
The polar bear is standing all alone on the rock.
A wet polar bear on a rock in the middle of a pond.
A child is looking a white bear in a water aquarium.
Child stands viewing a polar bear as it dives under water to retrieve a bone.
A boy reaching towards an aquarium, in which a polar bear chews on a bone.
A boy watches a polar bear chew on a bone
A young boy touching the glass of a polar bear exhibit.
A black bear with it's mouth open in a forest.
A black bear is sitting in the bough of a tree.
What better place for a bear than up a tree?
A black bear sticks out his tongue from up in a tree.
A bear is in a tree holding on to a limb.
a happy looking polar bear swiiming in water
Close up of a polar bear swimming in the water
A polar bear with a black nose swimming in water
A polar bear swims through the water with its head and back above the surface.
A polar bear wading through a pool with a happy look on its face.
A short boy with a penguin backpack stares at a large bear in the zoo.
A bear and two cubs walking across a stream.
A large black bear standing on top of a large rock.
A bear standing on its hind legs in its enclosure
A large bear stands over a white rock.
Bear with its front paws on a rock staring at the camera.
A brown bear standing up that almost looks fake.
A man standing next to a bear on a Chain leash.
a man playing an instrument next to a big brown bear
A man with a musical device and a bear attached to a chain.
a person with a guitar and a bear on a chain
A man stands with a brown bear and violin
A bear walking on grass in the sunlight.
A single bear in a grassy and wooded area.
A large black bear walks through the short grass.
A big brown bear walking across the grass.
A large black bear walking across a grass covered field.
Bear swimming in a lake with head above surface.
A brown bear peaking out from beneath the water
A bear sitting in the water, and swimming.
A closeup of a bear swimming in the water.
A bear with his head above water in a river.
A polar bear sticking their foot in water.
A small white bear going into some water.
A polar bear dipping its paw in water as it walks into the water..
a white bear is putting his paw in the water
a baby polar bear walking down a fake igloo and into the water
A large polar bear playing with two balls.
A polar bear with a green ball and a yellow ball
A close up of a polar bear playing with a ball.
A polar bear swimming and playing with two balls
A bear in the water with two balls.
A black bear climbing a tree in forest area.
A black bear is climbing a tall tree.
A black bear climbing a tall tree in the woods.
A small black bear up in a tree
A small bear half way up a birch tree.
A polar bear walking down the snow in the day.
A woman holding two brown bear cubs next to a refrigerator.
A lady holding a bear while petting another one.
a brown bear some buildings people and a policeman
A brown bear is photo shopped next to a man.
a bear and a traffic guard Photoshopped into a picture downtown
there is a large bear and a police man in the street
A photoshopped image of a bear sits next to a policeman on a city street.
A brown bear standing on a  moss covered rock hillside.
a brown and black bear and some moss on rocks
A large brown bear sitting next to some rocks.
A brown bear sitting between mossy rocks next to trees.
A large, adult brown bear is standing on boulders.
A statue of a bear sitting in the middle of a sidewalk.
A statue of a bear standing on rocks on a city corner.
A bear statue sits on a sidewalk near a park.
The bear statue had snow and ice on the base.
Snow surrounds a standing bear statue on a sidewalk
Snow surrounds a standing bear statue on a sidewalk
A large brown bear standing next to a log.
A bear sitting on a rock in a zoo exhibit.
a bear sitting next to a rock next to a log
a bear that is sitting on a very large rock
A bear sitting down on top of several rocks.
A brown bear walks through a grassy field.
A brown bear standing in a large field.
A brown bear pup running across a grassy area.
A bear is walking alone through a grassy field.
A brow bear walking next to a large rock in a field.
A brown bear walking through tall grass toward a rock.
A fence surrounds a bear in a wooded area.
A bear in the wild looking through a wire fence.
A bear that is walking by some rocks.
A brown bear in a rocky zoo display
there is a brown bear standing at the edge of rocks
A bear in a zoo looks over the safety fence.
A bear inside of a zoo with concrete walls.
A bear walking around on a rock filled ground.
A young bear rumbles and lumbers across the field.
A bear hunting for food in the woods by itself
A large brown grizzly bear is running
A large brown bear walking across a dirt field.
a white and black bear is eating in its pen
A panda bear that is in its cage munching on some leaves.
A panda eating while sitting in a zoo enclosure.
A panda bear that is holding a stick.
A panda bear sits with something in his hanf looking out of a cage.
A bear is standing near a large pipe and a body of water.
A brown bear stands in a rocky area near a pond.
A large brown bear looking around near a stream
A brown bear next to container in rocky area.
A brown bear standing next to a sewer tank
A large black bear standing next to a stone cave.
a black bear trying to climb up some boulders
A black bear standing on its hind legs in a rocky area
A black bear crawling into a rock cave.
A large black bear up in a cave.
A large black bear standing in a forest.
A black bear is nestled in a thicket of red flowered brush.
If that's a bear in the bushes, get ready to run.
A polar bear with snow on its fur sticking its tongue out.
A white polar bear walking across snow covered ground.
A snow covered polar bear sticks out its tongue.
A polar bear covered in snow sticks out his tongue.
a polar bear sticking its black tongue out
A big furry bear standing on some big rocks.
A bear walks up some rocks in a pen.
A bear that is walking on some rocks.
a little black bear running across some rocks
A large white polar bear swimming in a water tank.
A large white bear is swimming under water
a white polar bear under water looking at some people
a polar bear submerged in a body of water
A polar bear behind a glass where people are are touching the glass.
A grizzly bear relaxes in chin deep water.
A large polar bear swimming in water next to a green hillside.
a white bear is swimming in the water
A bear is swimming through a body of water.
Black bear in natural environment grazing for food.
There is a black bear walking in the grass
Large black bear walking and looking for food
A black bear has its nose to the ground which is covered with plants.
A polar bear dives off a rock into a river.
A bear jumping into a pool of water.
A polar bear reaches down into the water.
There is a white polar bear plunging into the water.
A polar bear diving off an outcrop of rocks into the water.
A group of black bear cubs on street next to a tree.
A mama black bear and three cubs walking near a tree.
A mother bear with three baby cubs following behind her
some black bear cubs walking over to their mom
A black bear that is walking in the woods.
A bear is walking through a rocky, wooded area.
A black bear walking through the woods and trees.
A bear climbs down a steep hill covered in rocks and trees.
Grizzly bear on side of hill in the wilderness.
A panda bear eating something in an enclosure
A panda bear sitting up in a tree next to green leaves.
A panda bear in tree inside a zoo enclosure.
A panda smiles from its enclosure at the zoo.
Panda climbing up a tree to his wooden bed in zoo.
A group of onlookers observes a bear behind a fence
A black bear resting near rocks looking at the ground.
an image of a bear at the zoo sitting next to a rock
The bear is huddled in a corner of a zoo habitat enclosure.
Large black bear laying its head on a rock in an enclosure.
Adult bear and cub in grassy area in forest.
A polar bear sitting along the shore line of the ocean.
A polar bear sitting on a rocky beach.
A bear that is standing in the grass.
A bear walks through the grass with trees behind.
A brown bear in the fields with grass
A large brown bear walking across a lush green field.
A big brown bear outside on the grass.
A bear standing in grass next to rocks, behind a wire fence.
A black bear grazing on grass next to a rock.
Bear standing in a field of grass next to some rocks.
A black bear is walking through the wild near a rock.
A bear that is standing next to some rocks.
A very big bear in the water by a waterfall.
A bear swimming in the water near a waterfall
A bear swimming in the river beside a waterfall.
A bear is taking a swim in a pool.
A bear is in the waterfall area of an enclosure.
One bear sits on a rock while another sniffs a tree
A bear is resting on a log by himself.
Large black bear resting head on large log
Brown bear rests his chin on a log.
Bear resting his chin on a log in a field.
A large bear is resting it's head on a large log.
The bear in the zoo enclosure is an the edge of the pond.
a polar bear siting on rocks near a body of water
A polar bear staring at water and laying down.
A polar bear is hanging by a pool of water.
A polar bear lays on a rock in his habitat.
This is an image of a panda eating bamboo.
A panda bear sitting down and eating a bamboo stick
A panda chews on bamboo at an exhibit.
A panda sits on the ground eating bamboo.
A panda bear eating bamboo in a wooded area.
A woman looking at a polar bear through glass.
A polar bear in a water tank posing for a picture the lade is going to take.
a polar bear partly submerged in water
A large polar bear swimming in an exhibit at a zoo.
A polar bear swimming up close to a photographer.
A lone bear is walking in the tall grass and trees.
A small black bear walks through the grass and shrubbery.
a close up of a bear in a field near trees and bushes
A black bear is eating red berries from a bush
A polar bear is laying down in the snow.
A polar bear laying on his back half on snow.
A white polar bear is laying in the snow.
A very big cute polar bear laying in snow.
This seems to be a bear laying on the snow.
A brown bear investigating something on top of a rock.
a big brown bear drinks water from a lake
A bear that is looking at some water.
A large brown bear peering into the water at the edge of a stream.
A brown bear is looking into the water.
A brown bear holds his head into the bear.
A small bear cub sniffs the air near the water.
A bear in a zoo exhibit looking up at something.
The big grey bear is staring at something
A bear that is standing in front of a rock.
a big bear that is staring at a camera
A grizzle bear with an indifferent look while in the wild.
A bear looking forward in a forest.
Brown bear walking down the walk way of a public park area.
There is a black bear on the trail in the woods.
A bear walking through a forest past trees.
A very big cute black bear walking in the woods.
A bear walks down a trail in the forest.
A bear observes its surroundings while near a fallen tree.
Concerned brown bear wandering around a deforested area.
A brown bear standing in grass near many logs.
A large brown bear is next to a log.
A brown bear is walking by a fallen log.
A black bear walking through a lush green forest.
A bear walking around in the woods looking around.
a black bear is out in the woods
A bear walking on a fours in the woods near trees.
A BLACK BEAR IS COMING OUT OF THE WOODS
A brown bear resting it's head on a wooden fence.
A bear with its mouth open lying on a log
A bear lying its head on a downed log with its mouth open
A bear is in an enclosure next to a stone wall.
A bear is getting a close up of the ground.
A black bear walking next to a stone mountain.
A black bear looking down while standing on a rock.
A big black bear on display at the zoo
A large bear laying on the side of a rocky
A black bear sitting on rock with mossy patches.
A brown bear shows his claws while lazing at the zoo
a close up of a bear laying on a large rock
A large bear that is laying down on a rock.
A large panda bear walking along a dirt road.
A panda bear walking around in the middle of a enclosure.
A bear that is standing up in the dirt.
A panda bear tilts its head to the side
There is a panda who is standing up.
A polar bear sitting atop a large rock while another lays on another rock.
A polar bear in water with a round cage that contains an orange round object.
A polar bear playing with an orange ball in a cage.
a polar bear swims around in a pool
A wet polar bear half submerged in water playing with a ball.
A polar bear in water near an orange ball in a cage.
A black bear sitting in a green grass area.
A bear is laying down by itself in the tall grass.
A black bear sitting in a grassy field.
A bear is hanging out in some deep grass.
A young bear sitting and enjoying the day in a grass meadow.
a bear walks on a rocky surface
A black bear climbing on rocks with trees in the background.
A black bear climbs over a rocky slope at the edge of the tree line.
A black bear climbs a hill of mossy rocks.
A baby black bear walking on some rocks
A close-up of a bear swimming in the water.
A black bear swimming in a crystal clear river.
A black bear wading through water near a large rock.
a black bear with a white face is in some water
A brown bear in the woods under a tree.
A brown bear is surrounded by green ferns.
A bear is walking through a wooded ferny area.
A brown bear in the green ferns near a tree.
a bear in tall bushes near a tree
a bear walking in the woods next to some trees
A brown bear near a very large tree.
A brown bear walking through large trees in the woods.
A brown bear walking through a forest next to a fallen log.
A brown bear is walking amongst huge trees.
A koala bear rests on the limb of a tree.
A koala bear sitting up on a tree branch.
Native bear sleeping on tree branch in outdoor setting.
A woman holding up a camera next to a bear behind a cage.
A woman taking pictures of a bear at the zoo.
A woman standing in front of a bear in an enclosure.
A woman in a blue tank top holding a camera with a bear behind a fence in the distance.
A bear is relaxing in a river near a log
A bear that is on it's back in the water.
The large black bear is bathing near a wooden log.
A large bear walking along a river near trees.
A bear standing on rocks near a lake drinking water.
A polar bear standing on rocks drinking water
The photo shows a bear in the zoo drinking from the pool
A polar bear hovering their head above water.
A very big polar bear under water with an item.
A polar bear that is underneath the water.
A polar bear under water with a plastic container.
A polar bear is playing with a blue bottle underwater.
A bear that is walking in the water.
A bear is catching food in a river.
a bear on many rocks  near a body of water
there is a black bear that has caught a fish in his mouth
A black bear standing in the middle of a river with rocks.
Two brown grizzly bears are rearing up and fighting.
A white polar bear is in the zoo.
A polar bear walks through an enclosed area.
A large white polar bear walking across a cement area.
a very big bear locked in a park
A large bear standing in front of an iron fence.
A big bear is standing next to the bars.
The large polar bear is looking outside his cage.
A grizzly bear standing on concrete in an iron barred cage.
A brown bear is walking across a grassy field.
A bear in the middle of green brush.
A mountain bear standing in a the middle of a valley.
A bear is swimming in a cold river.
a bear submerged in a body of water up to its neck
A bear sits with its head above water.
A bear is swimming in the water.
A brown bear swimming in a pool of water.
brown bear staring while standing on the rocky ledges
A young black bear stands on large rocks.
A brown bear walking along a rock covered ground.
A town bear is standing next to a tree plank.
The big bear is standing on the logs.
A polar bear that is playing with a blue object.
Polar bear in zoo enclosure playing with plastic toys.
a polar bear playing with something near a body of water
A large white bear playing with a blue tube type item.
A bear that is standing on a rock near the wall.
Two brown bears in a bear enclosure at the zoo.
A single polar bear that is sitting on top of some rocks.
A polar bear is sitting with its rear end on some rocks.
A polar bear is sitting on the rocks.
A large white polar bear climbing up the side of rocks.
A large white bear on some rocks on the ground.
A bear with a flat head stands in an enclosure.
A black bear standing on some rocks.
The huge black bear is standing on the rocks.
A black bear in its habitat at a zoo.
a large black bear standing next to some rocks
A large white polar bear eating a carrot.
The polar bear is enjoying the snack of a carrot.
a polar bear laying down and  eating a carrot
The white polar bear is eating a carrot.
A very large white polar bear eating whats looks like a carrot.
A black bear in a hammock scratching himself.
A small bear in a a hammock playing with a red ball.
A small black bear sitting in a hammock holding a red ball.
a small bear in a basket with a pink ball
A bear in a hammock playing with a ball.
A brown and black bear walking over a river.
A wet Grizzly bear walking through a stream.
a bear in a shallow body of water
A brown and black bear walking through shallow water.
A bear is walking through the water looking for fish.
A large white polar bear laying on top of snow.
a polar bear sleeping on the snow
a polar bear lays down on some snow
a polar bear is sleeping on the snow
A black and white panda bear walking down a dirt road.
A black and white panda bear is walking towards the camera
A panda bear walking across the ground behind a fenced in area
A panda bear walks in its enclosure on bare ground.
A panda walking slowly in his dirt enclosure.
A brown bear and two cubs standing in a stream.
A mother bear and two cubs sitting in a creek.
A defensive looking bear hovering over its baby cubs.
The mama bear looks over as she feeds her two cubs.
An adult bear and two cubs in some water.
black teddy bear placed in front of mirror
A black bear looking at itself in the wooden mirror.
A brown bear sitting in front of a small mirror.
A teddy bear positioned in front of a mirror on a dresser.
A stuffed bear in front of a mirror on a desk.
A black bear walking through a forest filled with trees.
a black bear walking among some trees
A black bear is walking through a forest.
A bear is walking around a very dense, green area
An adult black bear walking through a wooded area.
A brown bear on all four paws is looking up.
A BROWN ADULT BEAR IS LOOKING AT YOU
A brown bear is looking at the camera.
A small brown bear on all fours, standing in the dirt and facing forward.
A brown bear stands on all fours and looks upward.
A polar bear standing open mouthed on a glacier
A polar bear standing near snow covered rocks.
A very big polar bear in the snow by rocks.
a bear standing on some rocks looking down
There is a polar bear walking on ice and snow
A bear is wet while walking beside a road.
A bear is walking from the grass to the road.
a black bear coming out of the woods on to the road
A black bear nears a roadway with a green tag in his ear.
A black bear with a blue ear tag standing on the shoulder of a road.
A polar bear shows its teeth while standing in the snow.
The polar bear is showing his big teeth.
A polar bear growling at a camera person on a snowy rock.
A polar bear bares his teeth in his habitat
The polar  bear is white and showing his teeth
A large white polar bear laying on top of a pile of rocks.
A polar bear rests on the edge of some rocks that overlook the water.
a white bear is laying up on a rock
Is this polar bear going to jump down into the water?
A black and white picture of a polar bear on a rock at the zoo.
A brown bear standing next to a tall brown tree.
A brown bear standing next to a large tree.
There is a brown bear walking through the woods alone
a bear is walking by a branch in some grass
A large white polar bear standing on a icy pool.
A wet polar bear holding a green cone in its mouth.
A snow bear holding a paper cap in its mouth standing on the snow.
A white polar bear holding a green cone.
a polar bear on the ice with a green cone in its mouth
A black bear walks atop a rocky hill.
A black bear walking over very rocky terrain.
A large black bear walking across a stone hillside.
A black bear walks on top of boulders in the outdoors.
a bear walking on some rocks and flowers.
two bear chillin in the water just seein whats good
A bear or some type of large animal is gripping a tree.
a big bear sits on top of a tree
A bear in the top of a tree holding on so he does not fall out of it.
A black bear naps while nestled in the branches of a tree.
A black bear sitting high up in a tree.
A big brown bear behind a fence and some barbed wire.
there is a brown bear that is walking by a fence
a large bear is walking by a fence
An angry grizzly bear approaches a barbed fence.
A bear that is standing in the grass.
a grizzly bear walking through the woods in the sun
Large brown bear walking in grass besides large boulders.
A large brown bear walking through a lush green forest.
A BLACK BEAR IS WALKING AROUND IN THE STREET
A large bear walks in front of a rocky formation.
The stuffed bear is set in front of the computer monitor.
Stuffed bear in front of a computer monitor with a mouse.
A stuffed polar bear posed to be looking at a real polar bear on a computer.
A large white polar bear sitting in front of a TV.
A polar bear stuffed animal sitting in front of a screen with an actual Polar Bear.
Two children look at a large black bear in a zoo.
A pair of twins looking at a bear at a zoo.
Two young boys looking at a bear behind a glass enclosure.
Two young boys walking past a bear exhibit at a zoo.
The brown bear expression is telling all that this is his turf.
A bear that is laying on some grass.
A brown bear is laying in tall grass.
a brown bear is sitting in a grassy field
A street with a brown bear walking across it.
A woman walking down the road with a bear behind her.
A woman in pink walking away from a bear on the road.
A bear on the road with cars and a woman walking
A small black bear walks along a road near traffic and pedestrians.
A brown bear walking next to two small bears.
A painting of a snowy forest shows a bear and her wrestling cubs.
A painting of a big bear and two baby bears in the snow.
A painting shows two bear cubs playing in the snow next to their mother.
A bear looking around near a childrens playground.
A large black bear walking across a lush green field.
The black bear is over by the trees and the swingset.
A black bear walking in grassy area next to swing.
A black bear in front of the woods next to an outdoor playset.
A polar bear playing in the water in a zoo pin.
a white polar bear is swimming in some water
A bear shaking his head while swimming in some water
A polar bear shakes his head of water as it emerges from the water.
A polar bear shaking water off its head in a pool of water.
Black bear laying on tree branch in room.
A polar bear paws over the ground of an enclosure.
a polar bear is walking around its cage
A white polar bear is walking on boulders.
A polar bear walks over the rocks in his zoo exhibit
A white polar bear is walking on some rocks.
an extreme close up of a bear near rock formations
A wet bear with water droplets flying from its fur.
A bear walks through the woods toward the sunlight.
A brown bear is walking in the woods by some bushes and trees.
A bear is walking through the pine trees.
a close up of a bear in a field near bushes
A polar bear walking over rocks in its enclosure
A large polar bear sitting on a boulder in a zoo enclosure.
a polar bear stands on some rocks
A polar bear standing on some rocks in a zoo exhibit.
A polar bear that is standing on top of some rocks.
Panda lounging on pile of logs in an enclosure.
A panda bear is hanging onto a tree branch while he hangs his head on it.
Panda bear climbing tree with paw over limb.
A panda bear lazing amongst large wooden logs at the zoo
a panda bear that is sitting in a tree
A brown bear walking across a snow covered field.
A large bear that is walking through the snow.
A bear treks through a mountain full of snow.
a bear walking up the side of snow covered hill towards trees
A grizzly bear is making is way across an open snowy field.
A black bear sitting on top of a fallen log at a zoo.
A black bear shows his best side to zoo visitors.
A bear leans on an embankment while people watch him.
People looking at a black bear who is looking at a black bird
A black bear sitting on a large stone next to a pond.
a bear sitting in the corner of a habitat just sitting there
A dark furred bear in a zoo exhibit enclosure.
A bear sits on the rocks by a pool of water in a wildlife exhibit.
A bear and its cub in a desolate forest.
A brown bear and its baby amongst leafless winter trees
this is a forest with a bear in the trees
A bear is snuggling with a bear cub.
The mother  and baby bear  is cuddling
An adult polar bear tending to one of her cubs.
A man and women standing next to panda bears pictures.
Honeymooners are standing next to a panda cutout.
a big bear sits next to a rocky wall
A bear sitting while yawning near rocks and a tree.
A brown bear yawns in a rock-like enclosure.
A black bear with a white marking at a zoo with its mouth open.
a black bear sitting on a rock yawning
A large black bear is standing on a rock.
A black bear standing on top of a large rock.
A black bear is standing on a rock by a river.
A brown bear is standing on top of a big rock.
A big black bear standing on top of a rock.
Two brown bear cubs in a grassy area with flowers.
Two bear cubs foraging side by side in a field.
A grizzly bear sitting at the edge of the water taking a rest.
A bear sits on top of a bed of mulch, looking for food.
A bear relaxing on the ground in its enclosure.
Brown bear sitting on top of dirt By a rive.
A bear setting on the ground near some rocks.
A bear stands in a garden next to a deck.
A bear is partially hidden in someone's garden area.
A bear is walking in the garden with lots of trees and shrubs.
A large brown teddy bear sitting in a wooden chair.
A person pats the head of a teddy bear sitting in a chair.
A person touching a stuffed bear in a wooden chair.
Someone patting the head of a large stuffed teddy bear
A man pets a stuffed teddy bear sitting in a chair.
A polar bear laying on a large stack of ice.
A polar bear on the ice in his home.
a bear that is sitting on a big rock
a polar bear sits with his mouth open on a glacier
A polar bear is sitting on a ice ledge.
A large white polar bear standing next to a little boy.
A white polar bear and a little boy.
A white polar bear and a little boy looking at it.
A panda bear walking in the grass beside a log.
a panda bear walking around a area with leaves and sticks in the grass.
a panda is roaming the landscape of its origin
A black and white Panda bear standing on top of a lush green field.
Panda investigating pile of his food tossed into his enclosure.
a panda bear lying around on a pile of wood
A panda bear rolling on logs under a tree
A panda laying on a wooden platform.
a panda bear scratching its back on logs
A bear rolling on his back on some logs.
A bear is laying down while eating food.
A bear lays on a pile of food
a bear laying on the ground next to some peanuts
A huge bear eating food off of the cement.
A very big furry bear laying in a pile of food.
A bear is hunting for prey along the river.
Brown bear searching for fish in the water.
A brown bear wading into a shallow river.
A brown bear is in shallow water by trees.
a bear standing in a stream staring at the water.
a woman holding a black bear cup with a bandage on its head
There is a small bear cub being held by a person.
A woman holds a black bear cub in her arms.
A large brown bear walking through a lush green forest.
A bear sitting in the  woods next to a pine tree
A bear eating berries off a bush in the wild.
A bear sits and looks at the ground in the forest.
A big ole mama grizzly in the wilderness
A large polar bear feasting on a dead rat.
a white polar bear is eating a piece of fish
A polar bear eating fish at the zoo in his den
A polar bear eating a fish on a rock.
A wet polar bear with fish parts in front of it.
a brown bear leaning against a car door
A brown bear looking through a window of a green car.
A bear stands at the door of an antique blue car.
A bear stands upright by placing its paws on a car door.
a bear that is walking down a grassy path
A brown grizzly bear walks through tall grasses.
Bear on trail in with grass and shrubs.
a brown bear walking along some tall grass and trees
a bear is walking down a grass path
A large white polar bear walking across a dirt and gravel ground.
A polar bear is walking around in the zoo.
A polar bear walking on some rocky ground.
A fat polar bear walking along the rocks
A polar bear walking in a zoo enclosure.
This polar bear is looking at the polar bear that is laying on the ground.
A polar bear is walking around the water
A large white polar bear walking along a path.
A polar bear is walking alone in his enclosure
a polar bear that is walking around some rocks
a polar bear standing in a rocky habitat
A young boy sitting near a giant teddy bear
A bear that is latching on to a tree
A young black bear climbing a tree in the woods.
A small black bear relaxes atop a tree
Bear in a tree in heavily wooded area.
A small bear nestled in high up in a group of trees.
Two black bear cubs walking down a mountain path.
A bear is lying on a large rock near the water.
A black grizzly bear in a rocky forest area.
A large bear rests on a rock in the forest.
A photograph of a grizzle bear resting on a rock.
A large bear sunning itself on a rock next to water.
A large brown bear standing next to a smaller bear.
A large bear showing his teeth to a smaller bear.
a big grizzly bear snarling at a smaller bear
A brown bear and cub walking by bushes.
A polar bear walking around on some rocks.
A white polar bear is outside and having fun.
One polar bear walking up a rocky cliff.
A polar bear in a concrete and water enclosure with trees in the background.
A polar bear walking around in its enclosure.
Panda bear chewing on bamboo in a forest.
A panda bear sitting in the grass near some branches.
a panda bear chewing on some plants
A panda is getting its fill of bamboo.
A couple of black bear in the grass.
A black bear standing next to a baby bear on the grass.
THERE IS A  BLACK BEAR THAT IS EATING SOMETHING IN THE GRASS
LARGE BLACK AND WHITE PANDA BEAR WALKING AROUND IN AN ENCLOSURE
A panda bear walking across a cement covered area.
The large adult panda is walking around the gravel.
A panda bear is walking along the ground.
A cute panda bear walks inside a zoo.
A white bear standing on top of a dirt hillside.
A white polar bear with a somber look sitting on some rocks.
The polar bear is laying by itself on the rocks.
There is an adult white polar bear sitting on the ground
A black bear in a field near some trees.
Black bear standing in a field of grass under a tree.
a big black bear that is next to a tree
A small black bear sitting next to a tree.
A black bear curiously looking at something in a field.
A brown bear trudges through thick grass and flowers.
The bear is walking alone in the field.
A brown bear walking through low scrub bushes
a bear in a field on tall grass
A large bear laying on top of a snow covered field.
A bear sits in the snow in a wild area.
A black bear sits in the snow in the forest.
A bear lies in the snow on a rocky mountainside.
A bear resting in a forest on top of snow.
Polar bear eating from a pile of carrots.
a giant polar bear eating several orange carrots
A polar bear is eating some carrots in the daytime.
A polar bear eating carrots with its eyes closed
A white polar bear eating a carrot, in the snow.
A polar bear is playing with a ball in the water.
A white polar bear plays with toys in the water.
A polar bear playing in a body of water.
a polar bear playing with a toy in the water
The polar bear definitely wants to keep that ball.
Two big black teddy bear with yellow shirts, sitting in chairs holding signs
THERE ARE TWO STUFF BEAR ANIMALS SITTING IN A CHAIR
a big brown grizzly bear in his man made environment
A brown bear laying on it's side next to a rock wall
There is a very large brown bear inside of a zoo
A brown fluffy bear looking really relax on his paw.
A large brown bear next to some rocks.
A large brown bear laying down inside of a cave.
A bear lying in its den on a pile of wood.
a bear laying down on a few branches on the ground
A Brown bear laying on some tree branches
A bear lazily rests on a log in its enclosure.
A bear lays in a large wooden stump sleeping
Large black bear with long claws perched in a hollowed out tree.
A bear sitting on the top of a partially hollow tree stem.
A black bear sitting on top of a fallen tree.
A bear laying inside a decaying mass of some sort.
A large brown bear walking across a grass covered field.
THERE IS A BEAR THAT IS WALKING AROUND
A bear is walking around some trees in the wilderness.
A bear looking down at grass and a nearby bear under a manmade leanto
made with logs.
A bear sniffs the ground next to some fallen trees.
A grass and dirt field area with one bear stepping onto a log and touching another bear that is sitting on the ground.
This black bear seems a bit skittish and ready to run.
a grizzly bear is stepping over a log
A brown bear standing on top of a fallen log.
A cute furry bear climbing on a log in the woods.
A bear stepping over a log in the woods.
A polar bear standing near a tree on grass
A polar bear standing next to a bird on the grass.
A large panda bear hanging off the side of a tree.
A panda sitting on a tree in a park.
A small panda sitting in a leafless tree.
A panda bear sits in a tree with no branches near a cluster of rocks and a building.
Panda bear sitting in tree with no leaves.
A black bear on display in a library.
A mounted bear in a display case in a library.
A taxidermy bear on display in a library.
A view of a fake bear in a glass box.
A stuffed bear is in a display case in a library.
The image is of a black bear looking forward.
A bear looks at something in the distance in the woods.
A bear is cocking its head to inspect the camera
A close up image of a black bear next to bushes.
A bear standing up with trees in the background.
A brown bear standing next to a giant rock.
A bear sitting on a paved rock ground.
a brown bear sitting by a big rock
A large bear is sitting near a rock in an enclosure.
Looking down at a bear that is sitting by a big rock.
a polar bear walkiing on some rocks
A polar bear is walking on a rock.
A polar bear walks on some rocks near two trees.
Yellow bear on top of rock formation, ready to pounce.
A white polar bear walking across a large rock.
A woman poses for a photograph beside a bear statue.
A man taking a picture of a polar bear through an aquarium with a glass window.
The person is taking a picture of the bear in the glass.
A man is taking a picture of a polar bear in an aquarium.
a man staking a picture of a polar bear through a glass viewing while the polar bear swims
Man taking a picture of a polar bear in an under water aquarium enclosure.
Polar bear stand on edge of a slide
A smiling polar bear standing on a wooden structure.
A polar bear walking on something near cement blocks.
A polar bear on a ledge of some sort.
A white polar bear stands on a wooden thing.
A bear walking through a lush green forest.
A black bear grazing in a heavily vegetated area.
Bear in forest surround by small trees and sticks
a bear that is walking through some trees and grass
A black bear in the bush with trees and grasses
A large polar bear licking the head of one of two small polar bears.
a bear with its kids at the edge of the waters
A Polar Bear is caring for her cubs at the zoo.
A mom a polar bear taking care of her cubs by the pool.
An adult polar bear with two small cubs.
Crowd of boys looking at a small bear on a leash standing upright
A young bear cub is leashed or the amusement of the crowd.
A small brown bear standing next to a dogs ghost.
A brown bear laying on grass next to a river.
The brown bear is walking through the flowing stream.
A bear that is laying down in the grass.
a brown bear over looking some rushing water
a bear laying down and looking at some water
A brown bear with long nails laying on a rock.
A grizzly bear lounges peacefully on the rocks.
A bear that is sitting on a rock.
A brown and white bear with big claws sitting on rocks.
A huge bear with claws resting on the rocks.
the head of a polar bear rising from the water
A large white polar bear swimming in a body of water.
Large white polar bear up to its neck in water.
A bear that is in the water by itself.
A bear in a field turns around to face us.
A lone brown bear walking in a pasture.
a big bear walks through some grass
a brown and black and white bear some grass and dirt
A large black bear forging across a river filled with fast moving water.
A bear scratching his back on a mossy right
A black bear walking by a dam in the river
A big black bear is searching for food under a tree truck.
a black bear standing in a stream next to a log.
The white polar bear is standing near a tree branch.
White polar bear standing on top of rocks in a zoo.
A bear that is standing on a rock.
A polar bear standing on rocks near a tree.
THIS IS A PHOTO OF A POLAR BEAR INSIDE HIS ENCLOSURE
A black bear stands in a field in front of some brush.
A black bear grazing for food in a bare field
A bear on a plain with patches of grass.
A black bear walking in a field of grass, branches and trees.
A bear alone in a wlderness area of grass and trees.
A bear that is standing in the water.
a large bear standing in blue water next to shore
A brown bear standing in a river next to a green slope.
A bear in a river, the water up to its belly.
An adult bear wades into a flowing rustic stream.
A black bear is eating red berries by some grass.
A bear in a group of berry bushes eating berries.
A black bear in the woods eating berries
A black bear feeding on red berries in the brush.
a close up of a bear laying on the ground near a bush
A bear swimming in a large pool of water.
Polar Bear laying on back in water moving toward glass window
A polar bear wading in some water at a zoo.
A bear is playing with a ball in the water
a bear in the water playing with a ball
A bear that is playing with a ball in some water.
A brown bear reaching up to a ball in a lake.
A bear splashes water and plays with a ball.
A brown bear stands in front of rocks
brown bear standing in flowing water with his mouth open.
A brown bear walks through the wilderness alone.
A grizzly bear stands on a rock, covered in mud.
a lone bear stands in the wilderness watching
A black bear sits on a stump behind black barbed wire.
A bear is in a cage sitting on a tree stump.
A black bear is standing on a tree stump inside a fence.
A bear setting on a tree stump in a fenced enclosure.
A black bear sitting on a stump in a zoo.
A couple of panda bears laying on top of a field of green grass.
A bear on his back on some grass.
a brown bear laying on his back inside an enclosure
A bear and her cubs walk down the hill.
A bear and her cubs are walking into some foliage.
Large brown bear walking with two smaller bears nearby.
A bear giving a fierce look as their cubs make their way down a hill.
A white bear sleep in the woods on a rock.
A beautiful white polar bear sleeping in his enclosure.
A white bear sleeping on a rocky ledge.
A white polar bear laying on top of a rocky cliff.
A polar bear is sleeping on a rock.
A bear skin rug that is on a bench.
A polar bear rug sitting on a bench.
polar bear rug lying over a wooden table in a wooden room
a polar bear skin laid on a bench
A black bear relaxing on a hammock supported by chains.
a black bear is sleeping in a hamoc
An Asian black bear sleeps in a woven hammock.
A bear is laying in a hand crafted hammock.
A small black bear sleeping in a hammock.
A black bear standing on top of a rocky hillside.
A bear sitting with its tongue sticking out.
A bear with its tongue hanging out sitting in front of a rock outcrop.
A bear sits with it's tongue out in front of some grass and moss covered rocks.
A black bear sits on a rock and sticks out its tongue.
A polar bear and her cub stroll through the snow-covered field.
A large back bear sitting in the grass.
The large bear sits up in the grass.
A brown and tan bear sitting in a field.
A black bear sitting in the grass taking a rest.
A black bear with brown markings on its face and chest sitting in the grass.
a black bear walks through the woods in the distance
A black bear in grassy area next to trees and bushes.
A bear that is walking in the grass near some trees.
Black bear walking through a wooded area with thin trees.
Two bears are walking toward a hanging metal cylindrical bear toy.
A polar bear in the water at a zoo with two balls
A polar bear swimming in the icy waters playing with a couple of colored balls.
An adult polar bear playing in the water.
A black bear standing in a forest filled with trees.
A black bear is sitting on colorful Autumn leaves.
A black bear sitting in a leafy forest.
A black bear that is sitting in the forest.
A black bear that is sitting in a grassy spot in a garden.
A panda is eating bamboo on the ground.
A black and white panda bear playing with bamboo.
A lovely polar bear playing with some bamboo.
Panda bear on back eating bamboo on top of rocks.
A panda playing with some bamboo in a pen.
A large white polar bear walking near a building
An adult polar bear walking along an enclosure.
A large polar bear in a zoo type enclosure.
A polar bear walking along a sidewalk path.
White bear walking alone possibly at the zoo.
A large brown bear walking through a lush green forest.
A huge brown bear standing in a field in a wooded area.
A brown bear is showing it's pink tongue.
A grass field with a large brown bear on all fours and trees in the background.
a grizzly bear is standing in some grass and brush
The bear family is on the prowl, looking for food in the wooded area
Polar bear being rolled in dirt near some trees
a close up of a bear laying on a large rock
A large bear rubs his head in the leaves.
A bear rubbing it's ear on the rough ground with trees and shrubs behind it.
A large brown bear standing on top of a tree in a forest.
A grizzly bear perched on a dead tree.
A bear is sitting in a forest by itself.
A big brown bear is exploring the tall forest.
A bear looking out into the distance from a log.
a brown bear is standing on some logs
A polar bear scratching its back on a tree.
A bear reaching up towards a tree on a rocky hillside.
A polar bear is standing on its hind legs.
A polar bear holding its head up in the sky
A bear sits under a tree looking up.
A bear and a zebra standing on the ground.
A zebra and a bear in a picture side by side.
A bear cub is sitting on a hillside.
A cub bear curiously looking ahead on a hill side.
A brown and white bear cub on a grassy hill.
A brown baby bear is walking up a hill.
A smaller bear is sitting on the field area.
A large panda bear sitting on top of a wooden post.
A panda climbing up on a wooden bench.
A panda is sitting on top of a few logs.
A giant panda sitting on logs lazily yawning.
A large panda bear with its mouth open sitting on top of some logs.
A large brown bear walking through a forest.
A brown bear walking over a hill near a tree.
A brown bear coming over a hill out of the woods.
A wandering bear in a forest by a tree.
A bear comes out of the woods towards the road.
A white bear laying next to a large stone wall.
The polar bear is sleeping while zoo patrons look at him.
a group of people are looking at a sleeping bear
A big white polar bear sleeps in front of many people.
People observe a polar bear enclosure from behind glass.
This is a close up of an animal that looks like a dog but has very long bear claws.
A black bear holds a carrot in his long nailed hand.
A sun bear eating a carrot on a rock.
A bear peaks out behind the grass in the woods.
The brown bear strolls through the wilderness surrounded by grass.
A bear looks ahead from a field of vegetation.
a brown bear is in some green weeds
A large alert bear is proceeding out of a grassy area.
a boy posing with a bear statue at a mall
A boy at a mall poses for a picture with a ceramic bear statue wearing a hat
A bear and two other animals in the grass near the woods.
A brown bear sniffs the air amid shrubs in a forest clearing.
A large bear standing in a grass field.
two bear cubs near a ledge of a building
Two grizzly bears standing in a  stone room
That looks like a fully grown bear walking in the grass.
a bear in a field behind a fence
A bear walking on all fours near a fence.
A black bear in grassy area next to a fence.
A bear walks along an elevated path above some rocks.
A large white polar bear walking along a stone wall.
A large polar bear walking near some rocks.
A polar bear walks atop an outcropping of rocks.
a white bear is standing up on the rocks
A Pooh bear is sitting in a high chair.
A teddy bear is in a blue high chair.
A stuffed bear sits in a high chair.
A stuffed bear is set in a baby's high chair.
There is a bear on a telephone book sitting in a highchair
A brown bear standing in front of a body of water wear a rock and bird sit in the middle.
The bear stares at the water while the bird sits on a rock.
A bear is standing near a bird on a rock.
A bear is standing next to a bird by the river
Bear approaching a stream with a duck sitting on a large rock.
A Sun Bear is laying on its side, rubbing its face against a rock.
A bear lying down with his head on a rock.
A large black bear is sleeping on a rock.
A very big cute furry black bear laying by a rock.
A black bear sleeping in grass with its head on a rock
A brown bear on a rocky area surrounded by seagulls.
A bear is walking away with a meal in his mouth.
a grizzly bear fishing in a woodland stream
birds by a stream with a bear in the background
A large black bear walking past a tree in the forest.
The black bear is standing near the tree.
A black bear walking in the woods next to a tree.
A skinny black bear at the base of a tree
A black bear walks in front of a tree in a forest.
One bear attempting to bite another bear in the water.
a brown bear is sitting near the water
a mamma bear and her three cubs at the waters edge
A bear and three small cubs stand on the shore near water.
A brown bear walking across a street in front of a bus.
A bear crossing a road as a bus is travelling towards it.
A black bear crossing a road as a bus draws near.
A black bear crosses the road in front of a bus.
A black bear walking across the street while a bus comes down the road.
A large brown bear swimming in a lake of water.
A bear playing in the water, next to the shore.
A bear that is inside of the water.
A grizzly bear rises above the water horizon
There is a bear with his head above the water.
A bear mom and cub swimming in a river.
the bear is standing on the side of the mountain
There is a black bear near a rock.
There is an adult bear that is walking in the foredt
A brown bear walking across a river near a river.
A bear drinking water in a river in the wild
A view of a bear in some water, from across the river.
A large brown bear wading at the edge of a river.
A large brown bear standing in the water of a stream.
A brown bear standing in a river with a fish in it's mouth.
a brown bear with a fish in the mouth
A bear walking in the water with a fish in his mouth.
A brown grizzly bear walking in the river.
a bear in the water with a fish in its mouth
A white polar bear laying on top of a rock.
A white polar bear is laying his head on his paw.
A polar bear resting on the side of a large, thick rock wall.
A tired polar bear taking a nap on a rock.
A polar bear with his head on his right paw is lying down on a rocky surface.
A bear and a dog sitting together on a hillside.
A large brown bear walking along a hill with a dog.
A dog laying next to a big bear in the grass.
A dog lies down in straw behind a bear in a field.
A bear and a dog sitting on a hill side.
A bear is making bear sounds into an another bears face.
A white polar bear laying on top of a pool of water.
A bear getting ready to jump into a fountain of water.
A polar bear with its paws in the water.
A white polar bear jumping into the water.
a close up of a polar bear in a body of water
A black bear is standing outside at night.
A black bear sitting in the grass at night.
large black bear sitting down in a grass area a night
A large black bear sitting on top of a dry field.
A bear putting his face on a rock.
A bear resting it's head on a rock.
a bear resting its head on a tree in an enclosure
A large brown bear rest his head on a large rock.
A bear who is resting its head on a rock.
A black bear walks in a forest amidst brush and fallen logs.
A black bear stands on a fallen log in a forest.
A bear standing in the woods near trees and a log.
A black bear is walking alone in the forest on a log.
A bear walking on a fallen tree in the woods.
A bear is smiling while sitting on the stump.
Large bear sitting on tree truck in zoo area.
A panda bear that is sitting by a tree.
a panda bear sitting under a shady tree while eating bamboo
A large bear sitting on a tree stump.
A bear standing in the woods between a tree and a stump.
A lone bear walking in the woods in fall.
A black bear walking around in the forrest.
A bear cub by itself in the forest.
A black bear standing beside a tree trunk
The baby bear is standing on a tree limb.
A brown bear stands on a thin limb of a tree.
A black bear is standing on a tree branch.
A black bear that is walking on a branch.
A bear that is standing on a tree branch.
A bear walks through the trees and on the side of the mountain.
A large black bear is walking down the side of a steep wooded hill.
A black bear walking down a rocky mountain side.
A lone bear is walking in the woods.
Large bear in a the woods showing his teeth.
A bear stands on a rock in a wooded habitat and looks at the camera.
A large brown bear standing on a big rock
A brown bear stands on a rock while a forest is behind him.
A grizzly bear standing on a rock in a grassy wooded area.
a small bear resting in between two bare trees
A black bear cub climbing on a tree trunk in a zoo.
A bear hanging out in a tree, with its eyes wide open.
A large black bear standing on top of a tree.
A black bear in a tree at a zoo setting.
A polar bear looking at a group of rocks near him.
A white bear sniffing on to some rocks
The polar bear is looking up at the rock.
The polar bear is by himself standing by the rocks outside.
a polar bear looking up at some rocks
a black brown and white bear some rocks and plants
A brown bear is standing in the grass near rocks.
A brown bear standing next to a  patch of grass.
a bear stands on top of a grassy hill
A bear is walking alone along the water.
A large brown bear standing next to a large river.
A brown bear walks alongside a body of water.
A bear walking over a log beside water.
A large grizzly bear in an enclosure with a pool of water.
A large, brown bear walking along a pool of water.
A black bear standing on a green field next to a bucket.
There is a bear sniffing an overturned bucket
Black bear sniffing a metal pail while standing next to a red bowl of water.
A bear looking at a barrel and a plate.
A bear investigating a large metal bucket near his water bowl.
A black bear scratching on a tree in a forest.
A black bear is leaning against the trunk of a tree.
A black bear marks its territory by clawing a tree.
A black bear attempting to climb up a tree.
A bear in the woods on a tree .
The brown bear is in the water catching a fish.
A brown bear in the water chewing on a fish.
A bear is in the water eating a fish.
A large bear chews on a fish in the water.
A BEAR IS EATING FISH IN THE WATER
There is a bear hiding behind some plants.
A black bear sitting in a field with tall green grass.
A black bear almost hidden by weeds in a field.
Black bear is hiding behind tall leaves
a black bear pokes its head out of a field of tall grass
A brown bear walking across a brown log.
a bear walking on a log in the outdoors
A large, brown bear standing on and sniffing a log.
This is a bear walking on a wooden log
Bear looking for insects on a fallen tree.
A couple of people with a bear in the snow.
A couple of people hoisting a polar bear in a hammock.
Some people with a polar bear in a big sling.
A black bear hiding in wild brush greenery.
A black bear is standing in dense foliage.
A brown bear is on the branches of a green bush.
a bear on a tree branch up a tree surrounded by leaves
A bear up a tree hiding in its branches.
A polar bear plunges into the cold water.
A polar bear in a body of water.
a polar bear swimming in blue tinted water.
A black bear walking through a path in the woods.
A large black bear walks along a rock covered trail.
A black bear that is walking on a rock pathway.
A large black bear walking down a dirty road.
A bear walks alone on a dirt road in the bush.
A bear and cub travelling through a grassy field in a forest.
An adult bear and a cub walk through tall grass.
A polar bear that is walking in an enclosure.
A polar bear is in an Arctic enclosure walking.
A large polar bear walking near a concrete structure.
the polar bear is walking along the snow by himself
A polar bear is walking along a glacier.
A picture of a teddy bear with a map behind it.
A large brown Teddy Bear stands sideways in front of a yellow road map.
The teddy bear is looking at a map.
A grizzly bear sniffs another bear beside a rock wall.
A brown bear standing on a rock in forest area.
an image of a bear that is in the woods
Grizzly bear walking through wooded area in spring.
A bear standing on top of a large rock.
A brown bear walking through a lush green forest.
A large black bear laying on top of a grass covered ground.
A bear sunbathes in a field of grass.
a big black bear laying in a field
A black bear wading through grasses in a field.
A dark black bear on a green field.
A number of grizzly bears sitting on tan rocks.
A baby brown bear standing on it's hind legs.
Small dark bear standing up on rocks outside
A small brown bear standing up on its hind legs
Small bear cub standing on its hind legs.
A young bear is standing on it's hind legs.
A large white polar bear walking through the snow.
A polar bear is standing in some snow
A polar bear in the snow near water licking his paw.
a polar bear on snow near a body of water
a polar bear standing in the snow with its reflection in the water
A bear is sitting in the grass in front of a rusty chain-link fence
A bear sits in the grass near a red chain linked fence.
a bear that is on some grass next to a fence
A large brown bear sitting in grass near a fence.
A brown bear sits on its bottom in the grass next to a chain link fence.
a young polar bear leaning over a wall
A bear cub is doing some gymnastics someplace.
A polar bear is climbing down an enclosure.
A white bear is leaning off a ledge toward another, lower ledge.
A white bear leaning over the side of a cement area
A large bear beast with razor sharp teeth.
A bear has his mouth open and is showing a lot of teeth.
a black bear walking through some tall plants
a black bear is walking around on the grass
A black bear walking through a forest with lots of trees.
a bear in the woods above a water source
The black bear is walking among tall wild flowers.
a grizzley bear on a rock in the middle of a feild
The brown bear is sitting on the ground scratching its ear.
A brown bear leans over to his left to scratch his ear.
A bear is scratching it's ear with it's foot.
A bear is scratching its ear with its hind leg.
A large brown bear scratching with it's hind leg.
a large bear walking in a field near many trees
A brown bear is walking through the field with her cubs.
The adult bear walks through tall grass with two cubs.
A brown bear and cubs in a field.
A mother brown bear and her two cubs on a hill.
A large brown bear walking through a lush green field.
A brown bear walks in a grassy meadow.
A brown bear walking through a field with high grass.
A brown bear is casually walking through a grassy area.
A brown bear standing next to a tree.
A bear with his back against the bark of a tree.
Bear leaning back against tree rubbing its back against it
A bear is rubbing it's back on a slanted tree.
A large brown bear scratching himself against a tree.
A bear standing straight up on his back legs near a tree.
a black bear standing on its back legs by a tree
A young bear is standing on its hind legs.
A black bear standing on his legs
black bear standing on hind legs looking up into a tree
A polar bear sitting on a rock next to water.
A polar bear sitting in its enclosure, near the water.
A PICTURE OF A POLAR BEAR ON THE SIDE OF THE WATER
a white bear is laying by the water
A polar bear near the bank of the water in a fenced area.
A large panda bear sitting in an enclosure.
a black and white panda bear is sitting and eating
A panda bear eating in its zoo enclosure
A panda sitting in a dirt enclosure with trees.
A panda sitting in its enclosure with trees and bushes.
A picture of a polar bear resting on a rock in his exhibit.
Polar bear in a styled enclosure at a city zoo.
Polar bear on rock near water in city zoo enclosure.
A polar bear lays on a rock in the distance.
The bear is sitting in an enclosure area.
Black bear venturing solely across a shallow stream
A black bear crossing a body of water in the wild.
A black bear walking across a river with rocks.
A bear walks over a tree branch in shallow water.
The bear is walking through the water outside.
A  large grizzly bear wading through a river.
A brown bear walking across a moving river.
a brown bear is walking in some water
A large grizzly bear wading in a stream.
A wet grizzly bear walking through shallow water
A large white polar bear holding onto an object while floating in blue water.
A polar bear is in the water holding on to a disk.
A polar bear holding on to a toy in the water
Polar bear hanging onto a floating device in water
A polar bear in the water playing with a giant disc.
a big bear that is walking next to some rocks
a black bear walsk across a big zoo
There is a brown bear walking along a rock wall.
A black bear walks through his zoo habitat.
A black bear walking through a zoo exhibit.
A pair of grizzly bears walk through the grass.
A largge polar bear smelling the grass looking for food.
A polar bear grazing in a vibrant green grass
a big bear stands on some green grass
a light colored bear in a grassy field
A large brown bear sniffs something on the ground.
A brown bear in a field by a forest in autumn
A bear standing in the woods in front of a tree.
A brown bear standing on top of grass in a field.
A brown bear walks in the grass in front of trees.
Brown bear walking through a creek near trees.
The young brown bear is standing in a stream.
A bear standing on a sandbar in a stream.
A bear walks along the edge of a stream.
A wet bear stands in the river looking for fish to eat
A polar bear sitting on some rocks.
A large white polar bear sitting on top of a rocky ground.
A polar bear sitting on a stone in his exhibit.
A polar bear sits in the sun and dries off.
A polar bear sitting on some ice by a fence.
A bear is laying down sticking out its tongue.
A large black bear eating grass in a field.
a black bear with it's tongue out sitting by some grass
A big ole black bear fat and happy.
a close of of a bear in grass with trees in the background
A brown bear laying down in an area with little vegetation
A bear laying on the ground in the woods.
A dead or sleeping bear behind some stones
A young bear sleeping on a dirt path.
A bear is laying on a dirt patch near a broken tree and some rocks.
A large black bear walking across a lush green forest.
A bear in the grass near two trees.
A black bear walking through some trees on a slope.
A bear roaming through a grassy area with trees.
A black bear is walking alone in the forest.
A big white polar bear gazes at a human walking near by.
A polar bear is on the snow and a man is facing it.
A polar bear and a man in an open space.
Man meets polar bear on a frozen tundra.
A polar bear relaxing in the water at a zoo.
A polar bear relaxing in a man-made pool
a polar bear just laying back in a pool of water
A polar bear is lounging in a small tub.
a polar bear reclining in a stone pool of water
a large black bear eating grass on a field.
A black bear is sniffing around some grass.
A black bear grazing on grass and plants in a forest.
A bear looking at the ground in the woods
A black bear is crouched down and sniffing out a brushy area.
A large brown bear laying on the ground next to a green field.
an image of an adult brown bear looking down
A adult black bear is sitting looking at something
A close up photo of a big brown bear with black nose.
a close up of a bear with a blurry background
A bear and its cub running in an open field.
The big bear and the baby bear are walking along the grass.
A mother bear following her cub across a meadow
An adult black bear walking with a baby black bear
An adult black bear with a cub walking through green grass.
An adult polar bear swimming inside the water.
The polar bear is swimming below the surface of the water.
A polar bear swimming under water in a pool.
A polar bear swimming under the water at the zoo,
A polar bear with his head in the water.
A large black bear sticking it's tongue out.
The black bear is staring with its beady eyes.
A large black and brown bear posing in front of the camera.
An adult black and brown bear looking straight ahead.
A large black bear is facing straight ahead.
Polar bear next to a woman on a snowy day
A large bear standing next to a woman on snow.
A woman is standing next to a polar bear in the snow.
A person is standing in the snow beside a polar bear
A mother polar bear leads her cubs through the snow.
An adult polar bear with two baby bears following on the snow.
A large white polar bear laying on rocks next to a green hillside.
Large polar bear laying down on a set of rocks.
A polar bear sitting next to grass and rocks.
a big white bear showing his teeth to the camera
Polar bear at zoo looking at a metal rail in the middle of a pit.
A large white bear standing on cement steps.
A polar bear inside of his bear den at a zoo.
a white polar bear in its pen and some people and trees
A polar bear on an island near water at a zoo.
a black bear rests it's head on a tipped over log
A bear looks over a log to peek at what is ahead.
A large black bear peering over a large wooden tree trunk.
A bear peaking over a log in front of a rock wall.
A balck bear peeking out from behind a log.
A brown bear walking through a field of grass.
a big bear stand next to a river stream
A brown bear stands in some grass alongside a road.
A bear that is standing in the grass.
One brown bear standing near the road side.
A ADULT BROWN BEAR IS IN THE GRASS
A large brown bear with it's mouth open.
a brown bear with its mouth open on some green grass
A brown bear standing in a meadow observing the photo taker.
A large bear on an outing on a pretty day.
A young black bear moves across a grassy field.
A large black bear walking across a lush green field.
A bear that is walking in a field.
Small black bear in the middle of a flowered field.
A black bear walking around in the grass during the day.
A large black steer walking away with a small stuffed teddy bear in a pile of brush.
A big brown bear swims in the water.
Water drips off a bear who is standing in  water.
a bear dripping wet from a dunk in a river
a brown and black bear is in some water
Black bear walking in water with water falling off of it.
A polar bear walking across snowy ground strewn with pine branches.
A polar bear is walking across a field of snow.
A polar bear walking along on icy ground
A polar bear walking across a snowy area.
A large polar bear walking across a snow covered field.
A large brown and black bear sitting next to a tree.
A bear is grooming itself outside on a deck
A black bear laying on wooden floor next to trees and branches.
A view of a bear licking itself in the open.
A black bear sitting down by a tree.
A grizzle bear with its paw on a large wood log.
A brown bear holds on to a log.
a close up of a bear near a tree trunk
A bear is clinging to a log in the grass.
A brown bear leaned up against a large log.
One bear and two cubs in the grass while birds fly behind them.
a big brown bear with two young cubs
Two smaller brown bear cubs with an adult bear in a field.
A mama bear with her two baby bears in a field.
A statue of a bear in an enclosure.
A black bear in a zoo standing next to the gate of the enclosure
A black bear in a concrete area next to door and greenery.
A bear in a zoo rubbing its rear on a wall
a black bear scratching his behind on a cement wall
A brown bear walking across a lush green field.
A bear out in the sun by the woods
A bear that is walking in a field.
A bear that is standing in the grass.
A carved, wooden bear stands in a grassy area in front of some trees.
A black bear walking by someone's car and trash can.
A small black bear cub investigates a garbage can at the edge of the forest.
A large black bear trekking through a grass covered field.
A small black bear waling up to a trash can.
a small baby bear walks through some grass
A brown bear walking down a grass covered hillside.
an image of a bear walking on grassland
Bear resting on a log in an exhibit looking at onlookers.
The bear is sitting on the tree limb while having his picture taken.
a black and white bear a log and a person
A bear sits on a log at the bottom of a hill.
A large black bear standing on top of a pile of wood.
A bear walks along a fence on a plain.
A bear walking the fence line in an open area.
A large black bear walking across a field.
A brown bear walking near a fence with green wire and a green pole.
Brown bear walking around in a caged area.
A bear with black-brown fur, from front, facing and looking into camera with green grass in mouth, standing in grass, rocks, and bushes outside.
A bear walks through a group of bushes with a plant in its mouth.
A bear is standing in the woods with grass in its mouth.
A black bear stands on all fours in the grass.
A black bear eats grass in a meadow.
A large black bear walking through a forest at night.
A big black bear with a smaller black bear in the woods at night.
A large black bear at night walking around.
A black bear walks through a grassy forest.
A small black bear walking through the green grass.
A bear is crouching through a fielded area.
a bear in a field of green grass with trees in the background
A bear standing in a field of grass.
In the water by grass and wall, two bears with mouths open and noses touching and another one bear a few feet away.
Two bears are playing in the water while a third bear watches from the water.
A white bear stands in many different types of plants
A white bear that is standing in the grass.
A large white bear standing in some brush and eating grass.
A white bear eating leaves in a forested area
A close shot of a bear eating some grass.
A bear that is in standing in a tree.
A bear climbing across limbs and fallen trees.
A bear in the forest crossing a bunch of tree branches
A grizzly bear walking on a log in the woods.
A small young bear climbs up a tree branch.
Brown bear standing next to a big log.
A lightly colored bear in a zoo enclosure.
A large bear standing on top of some rocks.
A light colored bear walking next to a log and rock wall.
A brown bear in grassy area next to rocks and a log.
A bear sits down on the ground with sand.
Bear laying down on the ground out in the sun
A baby bear gently sleeps in the dirt.
A brown sleepy bear is laying on dirt.
A brown bear laying on a stone area in the sun.
A panda is eating a frozen treat with fruit in it.
a panda bear laying in a field near a rock
A panda resting on a hard surface on the ground.
A panda curled up asleep on a rock.
A panda bear playing with a rock.
A bear looking out over a pool in a zoo pen.
A polar bear on grassy area next to a water.
A bear looking over the edge into the water.
Bear standing on ledge overlooking blue pool area.
A light colored bear is standing alone in his habitat.
A large black bear walks through the green terrain.
A large brown bear walking through a lush green forest.
A bear walking through high grass in the woods.
A bear and a bear cub walking through a forest area.
A bear  that is in the grass in the wild.
a black bear is up near a fence
A black bear is playing with a wooden stick.
A bear in a zoo lounging on a pile of tree branches.
A black bear in a zoo habitat
A bear sitting in the woods, grabbing a stick.
A small brown bear standing in the dirt.
A brown bear standing on top of a dirt field.
Looking down at a brown bear and his big fluffy paws
An older adult brown bear standing on sand.
A grizzly bear cub stands, gazing into the distance.
A bear walking on all fours through the woods.
A dark brown bear standing in the woods
Big fuzzy bear lurking around a tree trunk
A bear stands in a very leafy patch of the forest.
there is a black bear that can be seen in the woods
A bear is standing on its hind legs in a grassy field and is looking at another animal.
A polar bear in the water playing with a ball
A polar bear who is playing with a pink ball.
Polar bear in the water playing with a pink ball.
A polar bear in water playing with a pink toy.
polar bear playing with a ball in the water.
A brown bear standing next to a tree in a forest.
A bear in the woods sitting beside a tree.
A large grizzle bear sitting up right in a forest.
A large brown bear poses for a picture.
grizzly bear sitting by himself in the forest
A polar bear relaxing in a pool of water.
A polar bear lounging in a pool of water.
A polar bear is on it's back in the water.
A polar bear playing in the water at the zoo
A large white bear standing next to a fallen tree log.
Brown bear walking past a fallen tree in the woods.
The bear cub is looking at a large piece of a tree.
A bear in a forest standing by a log.
A bear stands in front of a large fallen tree.
A large black bear traveling across a grass covered field.
A bear is walking through some rolled hay
A large black bear walking through dried grass
A bear walks away from the camera into a wooded area.
A black bear that is in the grass.
A black bear walking through the grass field.
A black bear standing in a field of grass.
A black bear standing in an open area, in the grass.
A large black bear wandering through a field.
A bear that is standing in the leaves.
A large black bear near some trees in the woods.
A black bear that is walking in the woods.
A black bear standing in the woods near a tree.
A bear is standing in a forest near some trees.
A large black bear stretching it's next while standing on a dirt field.
A bear with brown markings stretching in the woods
A bear standing on a wood chips sniffing the air.
A bear sniffs the air in a wooded area.
A white bear is laying out on the rocks
A large white polar bear laying on a rock.
A polar bear rests its eyes in a zoo enclosure
A white polar bear is sleeping on a rock.
A polar bear naps on a stony ground.
Two men having fun with a bear during a sunny day.
A big bear sits on the ground and grabs on to a guy's leg
A black bear sitting inside of an enclosure at a zoo.
A shaggy bear is holding an orange carrot.
A black bear eating a carrot on top of rocks.
A black bear eating a carrot on a rock.
A bear is hunched over on a rock eating an orange vegetable.
Two bear cubs are chained to each other outside.
A brown bear trying to open a picnic cooler.
A bear is shown trying to get into a man made object.
a bear on rocks nad fallen branches
A brown bear is laying down on some rocks outdoors.
A large brown bear standing on top of a pile of rocks.
There is a baby bear and a big bear walking along the river.
A black bear running away from a black and white dog.
A park ranger holding a dog from attacking a bear
This persons back looks as hairy as the bear he is facing.
A statue of a man and a bear is in front of some giant rocks.
A man standing in front of a black bear
The bear and the man are facing each other.
Tourists stopped by the side of a road photographing several bear cubs.
three bear cubs about to cross a busy street
Three black bear clubs, trying to cross a busy freeway
A couple stand by their car taking pictures of bear cubs.
a polar bear and cub resting on rocks next to a pond.
A large polar bear sits in an enclosure with two cubs.
The baby polar bear is reaching into the water.
A man is smiling over a bear in the snow.
A bear that is laying down next to a man.
A man kneeling over a bear in the snow.
Park ranger with a big dead grizzly bear
A man kneeling next to a bear with a foamy blue mouth.
A large brown bear standing next to a wire fence.
A big brown bear standing inside a fenced in area
a bear that is looking in a car window
A bear behind a small wire fence from the view of a car.
A large brown bear is standing very close to a fence.