a brown bear standing in the water of a river
A wet brown bear walks through a stream.
A bear walking on a rainy day on mud
A bear walking in the rain through a puddle of water.
A polar bear walking on a rocky patch of ground.
A bear that is walking on top of rocks.
an adult white polar bear walking on wet rocks
A large polar bear is walking on a rocky ground.
Polar bear walking in dirt area with rocks and grass.
Black bear standing on wooden platform near shrubs.
A black bear is sitting on a wooden platform.
a black bear sitting on a wooden table
A large black bear sitting on a wooden surface.
a big bear stands on a platform in the middle of trees
A polar bear lies in snow, legs spread open.
A white polar bear laying on top of the snow.
A brown polar bear is laying in the winter snow.
A polar bear lounging in snow in front of water.
A large white bear laying in the snow.
Looking down at a brown bear by a tree on green grass
bear standing in a field next to a tree
a brown bear is standing at the base of the tree
A large brown bear walking across a green field.
A bear rubs itself against a tree in a field.
A BEAR CUB IS PLAYING WITH A LOG IN THE WATER
A bear that is standing in the water on a log.
a bear standing near a log in the water
A brown bear walking out of a lake on top of a log.
A brown bear cub walking in a forest area next to a rock.
A young bear is sniffing and rubbing his paw on the ground.
A bear foraging in a dry rock and dirt clearing.
A baby bear by itself with head sniffing the ground.
A brown bear is investigating something in the woods.
Two people standing in the middle of an empty street with a bear on a rope.
A bear sits down between the two men.
And old picture of two men standing in the road with a bear on a chain between them.
A black bear lies down and relaxes on some gravel
A large black bear laying on the ground.
A large black bear is laying down in the wilderness.
A black bear laying in gravel near grass.
A black bear laying down in a graveled area.
A black bear perched on a wooden beam.
A moon bear sitting up on a wooden structure with its tongue out.
a black bear sitting on some wood with its tongue out
A bear sticks out its tongue while climbing.
a black bear sitting on a pole with its tongue out
A black and white panda playing with a rusted sink.
a black bear feeding in the bush alone
A panda bear licking an object on the ground.
A panda bear licking something on the ground.
a close up of a panda bear next to a bag
A brown bear is sitting hunched over and his paws are together on a grassy area.
a grizzly bear sitting on a grassy slope
A bear that is laying down in the grass.
A large brown bear with his mouth open sitting on the grass.
A brown bear sitting on top of a green field.
A black bear standing on top of a log next to another bear.
A small black bear sitting on a log.
Small bear cubs navigate large wood logs for fun.
A baby black bear sitting on a log.
A bear looks at another one playing on a log
A large brown bear standing next to another bear.
A large bear standing on all fours with another bear on one side of it and a body of water in the background.
A grizzly bear in the walking in the woods.
A large bear accompanied by another bear, near a river
A white bear walking through a grassy field near a lake.
A large black bear walking across a lush green field.
A bear walking around in a park, near a tree.
The adult black bear is walking near a tree stump.
A large black bear is walking in the woods next to a tree stump.
A black bear sniffing the ground in the woods.
A wet polar bear walking along side some water.
A polar bear walks beside a blue pool surrounded by stones.
A polar bear walking around in a pond of water.
a close up of a polar bear walking in a body of water
A polar bear stands in the water of an enclosure.
A bear searching for food near the river.
A brown bear leaning against a rock near a stream.
A bear is holding on to a rock by some water.
A big brown bear leaning on the rocks at the shore of a river.
The brown bear is standing on a rock in a stream.
A large brown bear swimming in a river.
A big brown bear enjoys the water in his habitat.
A brown bear swimming in water next to tree trunk.
A big brown bear taking a dip in a pond.
a bear partially submerged in a body of water
A brown bear sitting on top of cement.
A big brown bear sitting on the ground
A bear is sitting on a rock in the sun.
A bear sits relaxing on a large stone surface.
a bear sitting on the cement ground next to some rocks
BEAR PLAYS WITH METAL TUBE ON CHAIN INSIDE HIS INCLOSURE
A bear that is sitting on a metal pipe.
A black baby bear in top of a large metal tube.
A black bear sitting on top of a metal cylinder.
a bear standing on top a piece of pipe with a chain attached
Bear walking on grassy area in outdoor environment.
A large bear crosses the grass in a public area.
Even a brown bear can have a tiring day.
Brown bear in grassy field near sand box.
A brown teddy bear sitting on top of a table.
an old teddy bear is by a lamp
a teddy bear on a table under a lamp
A teddy near leans up against a lamp, on a desk.
A little bear sits silently on a nightstand.
A close up of a very small teddy bear.
a small brown teddy bear sitting on a table
A brown teddy bear sitting on a wooden table next to a red ball.
A small teddy bear sitting on a wooden table.
a worn teddy bear sitting on a table top.
A baby is looking at a teddy bear that is next to it.
A baby is glancing and smiling at a teddy bear.
An infant lying on a bed staring at a teddy bear.
A brown teddy bear sitting next to a small baby.
A small baby is smiling at a teddy bear.
Woman sitting on a chair holding three teddy bears.
A woman sitting on a sofa hugging three teddy bears.
There is a woman holding three teddy bears.
A young girl is holding three teddy bears.
A Teddy bear and cake on the table
A children's decorated birthday cake with a teddy bear motif.
A brown teddy bear sitting next to a white tray on a table.
A teddy bear is next to a cake with an image of the same bear on it.
A brown teddy bear sitting on top of a blue box.
Someone placed that teddy bear at the bus stop.
A teddy bear is sitting at a blue bus stop.
Teddy bear sitting under a street bus sign
An adorable brown teddy bear sitting and waving.
Shakespeare teddy bear with authenticity tags sitting on a table.
a teddy bear with a hat in a store
A stuffed bear in a costume is sitting on a counter.
A teddy bear is dressed to resemble Shakespeare.
A window sill filled with a pirate flag and a stuffed teddy bear.
A barefoot woman holding a teddy bear standing in front of a small play structure.
A woman wearing a dress holding a brown teddy bear.
A woman holding a teddy bear outside by a kids play set
Girl holding a small stuffed bear and standing in front of toddler playground equipment.
A woman holding a teddy bear is standing in front of a play area.
A teddy bear that is in the snow.
teddy bear dressed like santa clause sitting on a table
A soft toy teddy bear with a Santa clause cap in front of lighted Christmas tree.
A stuffed bear is wearing a Santa suit.
A holiday bear posed on a table with a Christmas tree lit up in the background.
there is a small stuffed bear by a christmas tree
white teddy bear filming himself through a mirror
A reflection of a bear sitting on top of a camera.
A teddy bear is posed to be directing behind a camera
An oval mirror with wood frame reflects a white room, small bright window, clutter , hanging items on  clothes pegs. and a camera close to the mirror with a toy bear posed to appear to work it, and a second bear, its face pressed to the glass.
A stuffed bear that is wearing a pirate hat.
Red teddy bear in a pirate's outfit sitting in front of window.
A window ledge is filled with framed images, a pirate teddy bear and pirate flags.
A large teddy bear dressed in a dress next to a desk.
A large teddy bear is wearing a dress.
A large teddy bear in a dress near a desk
A tall teddy bear standing next to a small desk.
A large teddy bear dressed in a little girl's dress.
A small stuffed bear with a red hat.
A teddy bear wearing a santa's hat amongst toys and Christmas items.
A very cute teddy bear in a red hat.
A teddy bear that is wearing a festive hat.
A teddy bear with a Santa Claus hat on among other toys.
A pile of stuffed brown teddy bears wearing clothing.
Lots and lots of teddy bears are shown in this picture.
Large pile of brown colored Teddy Bears placed closely together.
A large pile of various kinds of teddy bears.
a tan teddy bear and a gas and brake pad
A stuffed bear sits on the floorboard of a vehicle.
A teddy bear positioned to look as though he is pushing the gas pedal in a vehicle.
A little puppy on the leg of a large teddy bear.
A puppy sitting on the leg of a teddy bear.
A puppy is sitting next to a large teddy bear.
A large teddy bear is poking out of a doorway.
A small teddy bear sitting inside of a doorway in a red building.
A teddy bear sitting in a doorway in a brick alley.
A big yellow Teddy bear stands in the entry way of a red building.
A teddy bear on the ground in the doorway of a building.
A family of teddy bears sitting in a  display case mounted on the side of a building.
A woman standing in front of  log cabin with giant teddy bears flanking it on display in a museum.
Two large teddy bear standing next to a woman.
A beautiful girl posing next to a white stuffed teddy bear.
A woman with long hair smiling and holding a small white stuffed animal teddy bear in her hands, by her face.
A woman smiling and holding a white teddy bear.
A cute woman smiles while holding a teddy bear.
A large teddybear float is on snow skis.
A white teddy bear posed on skis with ski poles.
a stuffed bear with goggled on wearing snow skies
A stuffed polar bear has goggles and skis.
There is a giant stuffed bear wearing skis
A brown teddy bear holding an open red book.
a teddy bear reading a red book with glasses
A teddy bear wearing glasses reading a book
There is a opened book on the teddy bear's lap, and the bear is wearing glasses, which make it appear that  the bear is reading
A close up of a teddy bear wearing glasses holding a book.
The teddy bears are tied on the carriage.
Picture of two teddy bears and two decorated rocks
a bear statue and painted rocks in a garden
If picture of two teddy bears are in the grass.
A white teddy bear sitting on top of a book shelf.
A teddy bear waves as it sits on a bookshelf.
a bear that is by a bunch of books
A cream colored teddy bear is shown with books in the background.